AMICUS ANTHOLOGIES, PART ONE (1965-1972)February 23, 2017 Alfred Eaker Leave a commentWith Dr. Terror’s House of Horrors (1965, directed by Freddie Francis and written by Milton Subotsky) Amicus Productions (spearheaded by Subotsky and Max Rosenberg, who previously produced for Hammer and was a cousin to Doris Wishman) established itself as a vital competitor to Hammer Studios. Rather than imitating Hammer’s modernization of Gothic classics, Amicus developed its own niche with omnibus films. They were successful enough to be in full-fledged production for a decade, establishing a reputation as the go-to studio for horror anthologies. This, their introductory portmanteau film, clearly influenced by EC Comics, sets a pattern of to-be-expected unevenness. Still, Amicus installs themselves as a horror studio to be reckoned with, sparing no expense in procuring Hammer’s top actors: Peter Cushing (who would star in all but one of the Amicus anthologies) and Christopher Lee. For its wraparound segment, Dr. Terror’s House of Horrors opens to the duo (among other passengers) on a train. Dr. Schreck ((“Shreck” is German for “terror,” and a nod to the famous star of F.W. Murnau‘s Nosferatu.)) (Cushing, saddled with a terrible German accent and glued on brows) pulls out a deck of tarot cards. “Pick a card, any card, and tape it three times,” Schreck tells his fellow passengers. Each participant will hear of a fate that may await them. Among the passengers is Christopher Lee who will, of course, factor into one of the five narratives.In “Werewolf,” Neil McCallum is an architect renovating an old dark house, which turns out to be cursed. The title monster is featured in this pedestrian tale of ancestral revenge with a “twist.”With Alan Freeman (better known as the U.K D.J. for “Pick of the Pops”) served up as a snack for a venus fly trap, “The Creeping Vine,” thankfully doesn’t take itself so seriously. It is refreshingly lightheaded hokum.“Voodoo” is the worst of the lot; badly dated in its stereotypes, with Kenny Lynch belting out a stolen voodoo tune.“Disembodied Hand,” has elitist art critic Franklin Marsh (Lee) driving artist Eric Landor (Michael Gough) to suicide. Landor’s severed hand returns to exact revenge on the mean critic. It’s in the spirit of The Beast with Five Fingers, among others, and chock-full of two-dimensional caricatures of both artists and critics. It holds no surprises, but with Lee and Gough engaged in a bit of whistling-while-they-work fun, it’s easily the best episode.“Vampire” feature a young Donald Sutherland who discovers he is married to… a vampire! It barely raises a pulse.Seen today, Dr. Terror’s House of Horrors is more camp than horror, and its appeal is one of genre nostalgia. Still, the phenomenal box office success of Dr. Terror green-lighted a second portmanteau film in 1967, entitled Torture Garden (directed by Freddie Francis and written by Robert Bloch). It contains no torture nor any garden. Burgess Meredith (in a preposterous disguise, reminding us of the Penguin) is Old Nick himself, going by the pseudonym of Dr. Diablo and moonlighting as a carnival barker who promises a tortuous exhibit that can reveal the future. “You’ll shake, you’ll shiver, but it’s all good fun,” Diablo hammily tells his patrons. Unfortunately, only one of the four tales lives up to that promise.“Enoch,” is the opening narrative. Michael Bryant’s inheritance money (from an uncle who took his time dying) is going to be spoiled by a mean ol’ puddy tat with a lot of doubloons.“Over Hollywood” has Beverly Adams discovering the fountain of youth in Hollywood with robotic consequences.“Mr. Steinway” might be seen as a poor precursor to Stephen King’s “Christine,” replacing a killer car with a killer piano. It’s as absurd as it sounds.The first three segments are sloppily written and executed with little enthusiasm; each progressively worse, but the final segment single-handedly salvages the anthology.“The Man Who Collected Poe” finds Jack Palance (playing against type) as an Edgar Allan Poe-obsessed geek who may have found his soulmate in fellow fanatic Peter Cushing. However, somebody’s got something—or someone—hidden in the basement and … somebody’s got the fever, which leads to a fiery finale. Cushing and Palance clearly enjoyed playing opposite one another and their chemistry, along with clever writing, making one wish the previous segments had been as enjoyable.1970’s The House That Dripped Blood (directed by Peter Duffell and written by Robert Bloch) is a considerable improvement over its predecessors. Duffell lacks the visual astuteness of Freddie Francis, but he has superior stories to work with and a top notch cast. The connecting theme is the titular house, which has a bit of baggage left over from all who have resided there.In “Method For Murder,” Denholm Elliott is a horror author who writes a character that becomes a tad too three-dimensional, much to his wife’s peril.“Waxworks” stars Cushing as an uptight retired stockbroker and lifelong bachelor who visits a wax museum, only to see a figure of a woman whom he once was in love with. Obsession and unrequited love naturally go hand-in-hand, or head-on-plate.In “Sweets to the Sweet,” Nyree Dawn Porter is hired to tutor a young, motherless child (Chloe Franks) who is unloved by her cold-hearted father, Christopher Lee. Without giving too much away, let’s just say the underlying theme is one few filmmakers would dare tackle today.“The Cloak” is the most famous of the four episodes, remembered fondly for its absurd humor. It stars John Pertwee (best known for his portrayal of Dr. Who) as an actor who mantles the cloak of a purported actual vampire. Hammer favorite Ingrid Pitt bares her fangs and, of course, a bit more.All four episodes feature strong acting, which is a rarity in contemporary horror and should be a model for genre filmmakers. Elliot’s restrained performance in “Method For Murder” is admirable enough to forgive the predictable “twist.” The stylish “Waxworks” features an equally stylish performance from Cushing, although narratively it is the thinnest episode. “Sweets to the Sweet” is psychologically intense with three powerhouse performances, making it the strongest entry. Although John Pertwee is a bit on-the-sleeve in “The Cloak,” his performance suits the tone; but, he’s no match for Pitt.Asylum (1972, directed by Roy Ward Baker and written by Robert Bloch) is often cited as the best of the Amicus anthologies. It opens on Dr. Martin (Robert Powell, best known as the blue-eyed Anglo-Saxon savior plopped into the Middle East in Franco Zeferelli’s Jesus of Nazareth) showing up for his scheduled job interview with Dr. Starr for a position at the Dunsmoor Asylum. Martin is met by Dr. Rutherford (Patrick Magee), however, and informed that Dr. Starr is now a patient after going insane and becoming violent. Rutherford devises a test for Martin: he will interview four patients and if he can guess which one is Dr. Starr, then he will be hired. Naturally, this segues into four tales from Mr. Bloch.In “Frozen Fear,” Walter (Richard Todd) is having a sordid affair with Bonnie (Barbara Parkins). When his wife Ruth (Sylvia Syms) won’t give him a divorce, Walter grabs an axe and fills his basement freezer with prime ex-wife cold cuts. Little does Walter know that the wifey was a voodoo priestess, and when that freezer thaws, big things come a-crawling in small packages—lots of them. This vignette is the most blatantly indebted to EC comics and, as such, it’s probably Amicus’ finest twenty minutes.“The Weird Tailor” opens with tailor Bruno (Barry Morse) on the verge of being evicted. As luck would have it, Mr. Smith (Peter Cushing) walks into Bruno’s shop and orders a unique suit. With the promise of a hefty commission, Bruno obsessively begins working according to Mr. Smith’s very specific instructions. Unknown to Bruno, the suit is meant to resurrect Mr. Smith’s recently deceased son. Things don’t go according to plan. Previously adapted for Boris Karloff’s “Thriller”, this one can’t match the TV effort. Given a shorter running time for Asylum, Bloch was forced to excise the prologue, and with it gone, the suspense and menace are diminished. The original thriller was actually more perverse in suggesting Bruno’s wife’s sexual attraction to a mannequin. Additionally, Bruno’s character was less sympathetic, bringing a pronounced, and weird, abusive quality that is merely sketched here. Cushing is superb, bringing a sense of pathos to the character, but his part is little more than a cameo. Being more compressed, the schlock quality of the ending is more pronounced. Yet, for all of its comparative flaws, this is a strong second episode.“Lucy Comes To Stay” is the weakest of the four episodes. Barbara (Charlotte Rampling) has been released from the asylum to the care of her brother, George (James Valliers) and nurse Higgins (Megs Jenkins). However, Barbara has an imaginary friend named Lucy (Britt Ekland) who doesn’t care for George or the nurse. Lucy is also handy with a knife. Disappointingly, it plays out exactly as expected, and isn’t helped by lackluster performances (Rampling being the exception).Surprisingly, “Mannequins of Horror” is an extension of the wraparound, with the arrival of a new doctor named Byron (Herbert Lom) who has the demonic hobby of placing spirits within miniature robots and imbuing them with life, which serves as a potential gateway to immortality. Dr. Martin returns to uncover Dr. Starr’s identity in a delightfully unpleasant ending. It’s something of a mini-masterpiece that clearly proved an inspiration to later, albeit inferior films.PART TWO will begin with Tales From The Crypt (1972) and take us to the final Amicus anthology: From Beyond The Grave (1974).AnthologyChristopher LeeFreddie FrancisHorrorPeter CushingPeter DuffellRoy Ward BakerPrevious Post271. THE HOURGLASS SANATORIUM (1973)Next PostWEIRD HORIZON FOR THE WEEK OF 2/24/2017 Banc Texas Allen Parkway, completed 1983Banc Texas Allen Parkway, completed 1983, Box: 6, Folder: 4. Arthur E. Jones Architectural Records, MS 535. Woodson Research Center, Rice University, Houston, Texas. http://archives.library.rice.edu/repositories/2/archival_objects/79290 Accessed January 26, 2023. Ohmydollz Frogitaire Jurassic Pinball Kore Putt Sling Jumper 2FranckfortCalifornia To Enforce Stringent Auto Emission RegulationsEarlier, the state of California issued proposed emissions regulations that are expected to be enforced in the next decade. The proposed regulations, when approved, could force automakers to reduce tailpipe emissions of greenhouse gases. The latter are intimately related to global warming. Parenthetically, the state is aiming to reduce 30 percent of harmful gas emissions by passing stringent auto regulations.California represents about 10 per cent of the overall American auto market. Auto analysts expect that if the proposed regulations are adopted later this year after the review process, it would be the very first limits in the United States regarding auto emissions of gasses linked to global warming. In addition, other states in the nation are expected to follow same regulations to further promote the wellbeing of its citizens and their environment. At least four Northeastern states are observing what California is currently doing.The California Air Resources Board, the one responsible of the proposed regulations, said that the stringent emission regulation is made in response to a state law enacted in 2002. Said law requires automakers to produce cars, pickup trucks, sport utility vehicles and minivans that emit 30 per cent less greenhouse gases on average by 2015.The proposed regulations are expected to increase the market value of new vehicles. However, the boards did not go into specifics by divulging the anticipated increase. With the proposed regulations, automotive emission parts are expected to become expensive due to the upgrades and innovations to come up with reduced greenhouse gases emissions. On the one hand, automakers are trying to prevent the proposal from becoming a law. California's actions have tremendous repercussions for the auto industry because the state represents about 10 per cent of the nation's car market.The proposal entails added expenditures to automakers because of the required studies, testing, materials and modifications. Consequently, there is no assurance of a greener pasture attributed to the enhancements of emission control parts.The upgrades needed to meet California's proposed regulations could add thousands of dollars to the price of a new vehicle, said Eron Shosteck of the Alliance of Automobile Manufacturers. "We are happy to offer these efficient fuel-saving technologies. But consumers just don't want to buy them... Automakers believe consumers should have the option to choose." He added that the regulations would result in vehicles that are "lighter, smaller, less powerful, and less able to do what consumers want."California has the dirtiest air in America. This is the very reason why several movements have been established to take care of the matter. In addition to these cause-oriented movements, the state's Air Resources Board is also determined to promote a cleaner air to preclude illness and other hazardous effects of global warming.Global warming, the continuous increase of Earth's temperature, is said to be mostly attributable to human activities that results to increased atmospheric concentration of greenhouse gases like carbon dioxide, a colorless gas that rises into the atmosphere and traps heat. The situation further leads to warming of the atmosphere by escalating the greenhouse effect.Global warming influences both the natural environment and human life. Its effects include sea level rise, agricultural repercussions, thinning of the ozone layer, extreme weather events and spread of disease like malaria and other infectious maladies.California officials said automakers could reduce carbon dioxide emissions by improving gas mileage. Less fuel consumption would result in fewer emissions. They further noted that gas mileage could be improved with available technology, such as high-tech transmissions that shift automatically into the most efficient gear.About the Author: Joe Thompson is the owner of a successful auto body shop in Ferndale, California. This 38 year old is also a prolific writer, contributing automotive related articles to various publications. What our clients say about our service.Thanks for the great Job! (L.C.)TI loved working with Bud and Norman. They were so thorough and explained everything so well, both verbally and in the written report. I was able to look back at the detailed report and refer to pictures and descriptions when speaking to my contractors, which was a great help.Mr. Albertson’s reports are nicely detailed, and his explanations well-grounded in reality. He made it easy for us to triage what needed to be done right away, vs things that we can wait to address.We have used Bud twice now both for an existing older home and a new construction. In each circumstance he is very thorough and thoughtful in his reporting.Thank you for your services Bud and Norm. They were very helpful in uncovering additional factors with the home that I had not anticipated. (J.W.)I enjoyed meeting you both yesterday and thank you again for shining in your profession. You were very informative and your report confirms it. Thanks for aiding us in being more informed concerning our major purchase. Merry Christmas to you both! (W.J.)Thank you Bud! It is a pleasure working with you! (S.B.)Thanks for making this an enjoyable experience for us! I thought y’all were very professional ! (K.R.)I can say that I had a pleasant experience with using this company for my home inspections. My report was easy to read and I have actually been using it to help me keep track of what needs to be done. I would highly recommend this company to anyone that wants a detailed Home Inspection (N.S.)Very thorough and impactful toward making final negotiations on the price. The report was easy to read. The face-to-face explanation was friendly and professional. Thank you. (R.O.)I felt your inspection was thorough and easy to understand. Our seller accepted your report and did a good job of making the necessary repairs. Thank you. (R.N.)Excellent all the way around! Thanks! (J.C.)Superior service all around. Extremely thorough process and very comfortable people to work with (A.P.)As investors, we have worked with several different inspectors. This is the first time we have felt completely satisfied, and did not feel that we needed to keep searching for an inspector who would give us better service. Glad we found you! (J.L.)Could not be more pleased with your service, thank you so much Bud. (W.H.)Pleasant experience. Very informative. (S.D.)I was very pleased with the amount of information given and the explanation of it all, along with the pictures. I have been amazed with the follow up contact. Thank you so greatly and may God continue to bless all of your endeavors, personal and business wise. (T.R.)Thank you so much for the reports. Also thank you again for spending the time with me to explain each item and using the pictures as examples. Your report will help to identify what to do and where. It will certainly make it easy for me gets these items corrected in a timely manner.After working with you, I can not understand why all inspectors do not do their job the way you do yours. It was a pleasure.Christine (C.)I just wanted to say thank you for doing such a great job on the inspection, your thoroughness means alot. I am not purchasing this home but, will definitely use you as the inspector on the next house I find. (S.F.)Service was greatly appreciated, thank you so much (P.O.)thanks for everything. The service was great (S.O.) Updaty posty thingySooo....Chainmaille was a disaster. I need someone to show me how to construct. It was moot anyway, as I had an anxiety attack and barely made it in to the con. I am so embarased, but glad it wasn't a long term thing.I am still working on getting the chaim maille done. Maybe it will look fine. I don't know. I also need to work on the scale spoon maille.Right now, though, my main focus is finding a job. I thought I had extended unemployment until I was done wtih school. Turns out that was not entirely true, and now I am kind of up a creek. I have been saving money, so right now I have been paying bills with my savings. However that is also about to run out. I have applied for abawd. I do not know if I will get it, or how long it will take to kick in. Hopefully soon. I have had a bunch of interviews, and I am waiting to hear back. I have shotgunned a ton of applications for any and all jobs, no matter what they pay or how much experience they ask for. In the mean time I am kind of stuck. If you are reading this and feel like helping out, feel free to click the Tips/Supply Fund button and give a little. It would be much appreciated. Also, if you have job leads in the Portland, OR area, feel free to leave them in the comments. I am kind of tired of being in this spot. It seems I am here every couple of years. I just want to find a job where I can stay for 5-10 years without worrying about where the next paycheck is going to come from. Apparently that is too much to ask from the universe. Sigh. Home - 2022 - November -5Nov, 2022Bernina District 2022 Top Things To Do Bernina District Travel Guides Top Recommended Bernina District Tickets For Attractions, Hotels, Places To Visit, Restaurants And RestaurantsThe Bernina line runs from Italy to Switzerland, starting/ending in the Italian city of Tirano and starting/ending in the Swiss city of Chur. It passes through some of Switzerland’s most picturesque landscapes and is available for travel in both winter and summer. A train ride through the Swiss Alps is beautiful at any time of the year.Italian high-speed trains are booked and have dynamic prices, cheaper in advance than on the day. The reservation opens up to 4 months in advance, depending on the train. Normally, you will need to change trains at least once if you want to travel from Chur to Tirano on these regular local trains.At its highest point, the train is 7392 feet above sea level. You can also book your one-way trip with the Bernina Express and then use the regional trains to reach your next destinations, which would be included in your Swiss Travel Pass. I would also suggest doing this if you plan to get on and off the train. You will have to pay for seats again to return to one of the normal trains, as your tickets will only apply to the panoramic train. It seems that the windows of the normal wagons of the regional train open, but from what I could see, I could not reach those cars from where I was sitting. You can also stop at one of the small towns along the way to get a closer look.In less than four hours, you’ll experience the historic mountain passes of Albula and Bernina, the famous Landwasser Viaduct, with endless views on either side of the train as you twist and turn through the landscape. The 6 limestone arches with the red train, which travel through them, are iconic and became a symbol of scenic train rides in Switzerland and Europe. Shortly after leaving Tirano, the Bernina Express begins to drive through the streets while cars stay at traffic lights, allowing it to pass. The train then climbs up the valley just outside Tirano and continues all the way to the mountainside thousands of meters above sea level. Ospizio Bernina is the summit and highest point of the route at 2,253 meters above sea level.Travel with the Bernina Express can also be booked to/from Chur. This sensational scenic drive takes you along some of Switzerland’s most beautiful routes, such as the Golden Pass, Glacier Express, and Bernina Express. In Interlaken you travel to the top of Europe: the Jungfraujoch. Day 2, travel from Zurich to Chur by Swiss InterCity train, then from Chur to Tirano on the fantastic Bernina Express, then Tirano to Milan by regional train trenord, as seen in the previous schedule. You can use the morning train all year round or the evening train in summer. This is the 3-car Allegra unit, coupled with the panoramic cars of the Bernina Express.This is a regional ticket with a fixed price, tickets cannot be sold out, the reservation is not necessary or possible, so you can safely buy close to the departure date, without having to commit your money in advance. In fact, tickets can be purchased at the station on the day itself at this price if you wish. You can avoid paying a reservation fee if you travel in the non-reserved seats on the Allegra unit with the Bernina Express. Since the whole trip only takes 4 hours, you can easily do it in one day.The Express is an hour and a half by train from Zurich and runs all year round. After a break of a few hours, the train departs from Tirano station, making its way through the Treno rosso del Bernina town of Tirano and back along the same route before arriving back in Chur in the late afternoon. The whole trip takes a whole day to complete and can start at both ends.2nd Class1st classSingle travel63101Tour116222Sterreservering+10 CHF+ 10 CHFImportantly, as shown in the table, an additional CHF 10 will be charged for seat reservation. These seat reservations can be booked in advance, we recommend this. Booking fees vary depending on the season you are travelling. If you want to travel on the Bernina Express during the cheapest time of the year, we recommend that you travel from November to January/February. It is recommended to reserve a seat if you are travelling during peak hours or want to guarantee a seat on board the daily express trains. You can reserve your seat at a Swiss train station or online.Taxis are also not a viable option, as the journey takes several hours. The best way to get from Milan to St. Moritz is via a combination train and bus, which takes about 4.5 hours when all is said and done. You can take a train from Milano Centrale station to Chiavenna, and then change to bus line 4 to St. Moritz Bahnhof. The bus we were travelling in was bad with a clear mechanical problem from the moment we boarded in Milan.They pride themselves on the Bernina Express going from glacial landscapes to palm-friendly climates within hours. They speak enthusiastically about the 7,638 meter high Bernina Pass. And they can’t help mentioning the line’s impressive tunnels and viaducts. It looks like a beautiful train ride and the photos are spectacular. To: RulesBy: Senator(s) BrowningSenate Concurrent Resolution 542A CONCURRENT RESOLUTION COMMENDING AND CONGRATULATING INGOMAR COACH NORRIS ASHLEY FOR ACHIEVING THE RECORD OF ALL-TIME COACHING VICTORIES IN MISSISSIPPI BOYS BASKETBALL HISTORY.WHEREAS, President Richard Nixon was in the White House and those Amazin' Mets won their first World Series when Norris Ashley launched his coaching career in 1969. Little did Coach Ashley realize that, 38 seasons later, he'd become the winningest coach in Mississippi boys basketball history; andWHEREAS, led by freshman guard Tyler Jarvis' 29 points, Ashley gained his 905th career victory Monday night, December 11, 2006, as Ingomar beat East Union 67-38 at home before an estimated crowd of 500; andWHEREAS, Ashley, 59, is 905-412 in 38 seasons at Coahoma County and Ingomar, his alma mater. He surpassed Sam Richey, 68, who went 904-414 at Jumpertown, Wheeler and Baldwyn and won six State Championships from 1967-2005; andWHEREAS, Ashley has won four Boys State Tournament titles with the Falcons; andWHEREAS, a Delta State University graduate, Ashley has spent 36 of his 38 seasons at tiny Ingomar, a rural Union County town. Coach Ashley does not regret going back to his hometown school; andWHEREAS, all-time coaching victories in Mississippi boys basketball history are:RECORD COACH· 905-412 Norris AshleyCoahoma County, Ingomar (Active)· 904-414 Sam RicheyJumpertown, Wheeler, Baldwyn· 867-326 Roland LadnerSellers, Harrison Central,Hancock, Pearl River Central· 866-180 Bert Jenkins· 862-370 Isaiah PetersonShelby Broad Street, Coahoma County (Active); andWHEREAS, the man Ashley overtook tipped his hat to his coaching colleague. "I knew it was coming," said Coach Richey, who claimed the state record with his 868th victory when Baldwyn topped Bruce 68-60 on January 8, 2002. "I enjoyed it while I had it. He can enjoy it for a while now, I guess." On several occasions, Ashley and Richey went head-to-head in memorable Ingomar-Wheeler matchups; andWHEREAS, "I've always had a real high regard for him," Coach Richey said. "He's one of the best coaches in the state, if not the best. He just knows the game, and he takes advantage of the strengths of his team. His players are real disciplined, and you can tell they're always well-coached"; andWHEREAS, Coach Ashley has no timetable on when he'll walk away from the basketball court. Does he dare to dream of 1,000 wins? Ashley said, "I'll just take it year by year"; andWHEREAS, it is with great pride that we recognize this legendary coach who has added to his legend with this 905th win and brought honor to his school, his community and to the State of Mississippi:NOW, THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLVED BY THE SENATE OF THE STATE OF MISSISSIPPI, THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES CONCURRING THEREIN, That we do hereby commend and congratulate Ingomar High School Coach Norris Ashley for achieving the record of all-time coaching victories in Mississippi boys basketball history, and extend to him, his family and his school our best wishes for future successes.BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, That this resolution be presented to Coach Norris Ashley and be made available to the Principal of Ingomar High School and the Capitol Press Corps. The U.S.-Afghan Women's CouncilAfter the fall of the Taliban, the United States launched a historic initiative to help elevate the status of women in Afghanistan. To accelerate progress, President George W. Bush and President Hamid Karzai announced the creation of the U.S.-Afghan Women's Council (USAWC) on January 28, 2002.The Council promotes public-private partnerships between U.S. and Afghan institutions and mobilizes private sector resources to help Afghan women. Specifically, the Council seeks to identify concrete actions to bring real and practical benefits to the women of Afghanistan and to enable them to participate and take leadership roles in the political and economic life of their country.To this end, the Council has made education and microfinance its top priorities.Too bad - under patriarchy - refuge and shelter has to be the top priority. Battered women's villages - transitional living space free from abuse is the first need. But if you are from the privileged classes, you do not understand the urgency of this need.http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/africa/4292425.stmThe Council meets twice a year, alternating between Kabul and Washington, D.C., to discuss programs and priorities for assisting Afghan women and to review progress.Under Secretary of State for Global Affairs Paula Dobriansky co-chairs the Council with the Afghan Foreign Minister and the Afghan Minister of Women's Affairs. What are their names?See http://usawc.state.gov/c10666.htm for more information about Council members.Take a look at these people. Not one has ever organized victims of patriarchal violence. They are so removed from that world. They are wealthy. They have fundraising credentials. There is no evaluation or input by feminists who have actually changed resistant, misogynist institutions within the US - civil rights organizers and feminist organizers with track records of success.This is primarily the fault of those organizers who have refused to work with this president even to free their own kind from slavery. Would these modern day feminists have refused to support the abolitionist movement because Lincoln was a Republican? But it is also the fault of this administration who has not appointed any real feminists to the US-Afghan Women's Council to assist in the Middle East efforts.The Council's fifth meeting was held in Washington, DC in the Treaty Room of the White House on June 15, 2004. Members and invited Afghan and American special guests discussed several key issues, including the Afghan national elections, health care, and jobs.President Bush, President Karzai, Secretary Powell, National Security Advisor Rice, and Secretary of Health and Human Services Thompson met with the group. First Lady Laura Bush honored the Council with a lunch.More than 20 Afghan women attended the meeting and the lunch, including four Afghan Fulbright scholars (a U.S. Department of State educational exchange program), four Afghan women judges on a USAWC training project, and 12 U.S. Department of Agriculture Cochran Fellows in the U.S. for a U.S. Department of Agriculture program for job training in agribusiness.The fourth meeting of the Council was held in Kabul, February 24-26, 2004.Discussions focused on:education, specifically the Teacher Training Institute and Afghan Literacy initiative; microfinance;the new constitution;and the elections in Fall 2004.The delegation visited a women's center and met with project managers of programs supported by the U.S. Government and by the U.S.-Afghan Women's Council.The Council's third meeting, in Washington, D.C., July 15-16, 2003, focused on the educational needs of women and girls, job skills training, business development, and the upcoming elections.The delegation met with First Lady Laura Bush and National Security Advisor Condoleezza Rice at the White House. Secretary Powell hosted a luncheon in their honor.At the Council's second meeting in Kabul, the U.S. announced that it would provide $2.5 million for women's resource centers in 14 of Afghanistan's provinces. The Council also committed $1 million in education and exchange programs for the centers. The centers should include shelters for women who wish to escape abuse and become self sufficient.Programs at these centers focus on basic education literacy, microfinance and small business opportunities, human rights education, and the development and management of non-governmental organizations (NGOs).Inaugural MeetingThe inaugural meeting took place in Washington, D.C. in April 2002. In response to a request from the Afghan side, the Council later announced its first initiative would bring Afghan women who work in government ministries to the United States for an educational exchange program.The program focused on computer training, leadership, and management training, and other skills vital to their positions.Political Participation Women's Resource Center.USAID is building 17 Women's Resource Centers in Afghanistan.Four centers have been completed and two more are scheduled to finish in the near future.The centers will support outreach, advocacy, and policy formation of the Ministry of Women's Affairs, and create a space in rural provinces for training women in education, health, job skills, leadership, legal awareness, and political participation.Through USWAC women executives of AOL(Time Warner) donated $60,000 for the construction of the resource center in Parwan.Afghan Women Leaders Connect (AWLC) ($10,000).This contribution supported a conference in Kabul in Fall 2004 hosted by the Women and Children Legal Research Foundation focusing on legal rights. This is in addition to the Summer 2004 grant of $10,000 that AWLC provided to the International Association of Women Judges to supplement the $75,000 grant by the State Department's International Narcotics and Law Enforcement Bureau, which trained four Afghan women judges in civil and family law.What kind of civil law? Secular? Where is it codified?Digital Video Conference.The Council has used digital videoconference (DVC) technology to connect Kabul, Washington, DC and New York, setting up links for discussions and mentoring sessions between women in these cities.The DVC in November 2003 focused on women's political participation in Afghanistan's draft constitution and the Afghan elections in 2004.TheDVC in April 2003 focused on the topic of women and business.Economic Opportunities Community Banks.The Council views microcredit as an important means of helping women gain self-sufficiency through starting their own businesses. Through an original $10,000 donation to the Council from Daimler-Chrysler, the Foundation for International Community Assistance (FINCA), a leading NGO in microfinance, helped start two village banks in Herat.Daimler-Chrysler contributed an additional $25,000 in February 2004 to construct another five community banks to support microfinance loans for women in Herat province.With Additional funding from the U.S. Government and other donors, FINCA expects to assist more than 30,000 clients in Afghanistan over the next 5 years.U.S. Bureau of Educational and Cultural Affairs/USAWC Department of State Grants ($750,000).Five grants were awarded to organizations for proposals that include:business and political leadership training (grant to World Learning);entrepreneurship training (grant to Women for Afghan Women);education and literacy training (grants to American Council for International Education and Institute for Training and Development);and women's leadership training (grant to University of Delaware).Seventy-one women have taken leadership training under the University of Delaware grant thus far.Thunderbird Graduate School of International Management.Fifteen Afghan women successfully completed an advanced entrepreneurship training in January 2005. The participants aim to start businesses that would create jobs for women and to serve as mentors/teachers in Afghanistan.Global Summit of Women ($40,000).Supported by USAID, a delegation of nine Afghan women attended the 2004 Global Summit in Seoul, Korea, in May to discuss trade opportunities and receive entrepreneurship training.Arzu Carpet Initiative ($530,000).This program provides training and literacy skills to Afghan women in the hand-knotted carpet industry. Connie Duckworth, a USAWC member, provided the seed money to get the project started. Arzu placed its first carpet order on International Women's Day (March 8, 2004). The project Arzu (which means "Hope" in Dari) not only creates jobs and a cottage industry, it also re-circulates some of its profits to support microcredit initiatives and additional training for women.U.S. Department of Agriculture Cochran Fellowships.Twelve women representing five provinces came to the United States in Spring 2004 for job training as managers and technicians in agribusiness.Handicraft Training ($130,000).The Global Summit of Women (July 2002 in Barcelona, Spain) donated approximately $10,000 for job-skills training for women. Through this program, Shuhada, a local organization, is training women in weaving skills. At the conclusion of the program, the women will receive their own looms to produce textiles for market. At the conclusion of the program, the women will receive their own looms to produce textiles for market. This is a big deal. Ever since the film "Afghan Unveiled", many people have wanted to get looms to Afghan women living in caves in the Bamiyan geographic location: Herat ? women and children who were living in caves without any source of fuel, nor livestock nor food. Nayak which does have a school for girls, built by American Friends Service Committee, is in central Afghanistan, near Bamiyan.It is unclear from this fact sheet as to whether the Bamiyan women will receive the looms. More info as to how to contact Shuhada or Global Summit of Women directly would be appreciated.Media Women Journalists.The PBS broadcast in November 2004 of the film "Afghanistan Unveiled" created an opportunity for mentoring for another Afghan journalist, the fourth that PBS, through USAWC auspices, has trained in the U.S.PBS provided modern digital video production and editing equipment for the women video filmmakers to use in Afghanistan and training videos for use at AINA, a Kabul-based NGO devoted to media training.The film "Afghanistan Unveiled" for which PBS paid $20,000 in royalties and rights depicts life under the Taliban and the journalist's' journey for the truth. PBS has also optioned the rights for AINA's next film about women's human rights called "If I Stand Up."These films and several short videos to encourage women to vote were made by the "women's project" at AINA with Department of State and USAID funding (from Summer 2002 through the October 2004 elections).The Asia Foundation (TAF) was a partner on the original "Afghanistan Unveiled" project in 2002 and continues to host trainings and screenings of the film (California, Maryland and Sundance Festivals.)Health Health Advisory Committee.On July 26, 2004 the Council's newly formed Health Advisory Committee sponsored a special session to discuss health issues and create public/private partnerships to utilize resources for greater impact and sustainability.Under Secretary Paula Dobriansky hosted the organizing meeting for the committee.Midwife Training. The $5-million Rural Education and Community Health Care Initiative (REACH) provides health-related accelerated learning and basic literacy training for women and girls. Training will take place in the Women's Centers and will target provinces with the highest maternal mortality rates such as Ghazni, Baghlan, and Badakhshan.In April 2004, REACH graduated its first 25 midwives from the program, after they completed an 18-month program in Jalalabad. This pilot program is being replicated across Afghanistan. For each new midwife, the U.S. is supporting a lifetime of lives saved.Afghan Family Health Book.In Fall 2004, U.S. Health and Human Services (HHS) Secretary Tommy Thompson initiated the roll-out of the "Afghan Family Health Book" across Afghanistan. This "talking book" provides useful and practical information about health practices and hygiene, focusing on health promotion and disease prevention.The books are being distributed via hospitals, clinics, and women's. The project was developed with Leapfrog Enterprises Inc., a developer, designer, and manufacturer of technology-based educational products.Education Fulbright Scholarships.Five Afghan women were awarded Fulbright scholarships for the academic year 2004-2005 for advanced graduate-level study in the U.S. Women's Teacher Training Institute ($5 million).In cooperation with USAID, First Lady Laura Bush announced a USAWC Initiative to establish a Women's Teacher Training Institute in Kabul in tandem with The Afghan Literacy Initiative, designed to help teach basic literacy to Afghan women in rural areas of Afghanistan.The Institute opened in September 2004. The Institute's first program, Afghan Literary Initiative for 200 rural villages, is in progress.Teacher Training.In 2002, the USAWC initiated a teacher-training exchange to bring 30 Afghan women teachers to Nebraska every six months for training. In turn, these women will train other teachers in Afghanistan.Adopt-a-school Program.Church communities in Texas are providing their adopted school with supplies, textbooks, and training.U.S. Leadership Management and Computer Education.The Council's first major program, in September and October 2002, brought 14 women from various Afghan government ministries to the United States for an educational exchange program.During their four-week stay, they received training in computer skills, proposal writing, communications, and leadership management.Each participant received a laptop computer to use while training in the United States and to take home to use in Afghanistan.The women met with President George W. Bush and National Security Adviser Condoleezza Rice at the White House, and with Secretary of State Colin L. Powell at a Department reception held in their honor. They also had the opportunity to interact with senior policymakers, Members of Congress, government agency officials, and representatives of non-governmental organizations.In Austin, Texas, they studied the interaction among federal, state, and local entities. Their program concluded in New York City where the participants met with representatives of the United Nations.See http://www.state.gov/g/WI/ for International Women's Issues Posts Tagged ‘Laffitt Pincay III’Against the Odds – Finding Your Edgeposted on October 30, 2019 in Blogroll, General Discussion, Handicapping, Horse Racing, WinningPonies.com | 1 Comment >>There are about a thousand reasons gamblers win or lose. If you don’t believe me just ask them. – As we approach the holy of holy weekends for horseplayers there is mental flossing that must take place. You know, start doing last-minute homework and watching replays. When they conduct the post position draw […]Filed under Breeders Cup, Britney Eurton, Ed Meyer, Gabby Gaudet, Horse Racing Nation, John C. Englehardt, Laffitt Pincay III, Nick Luck, Nov. 1 – “Future Stars Friday” $1 million Breeders’ Cup Juvenile Turf Sprint $1 million Breeders’ Cup Juvenile Turf $2 million Breeders’ Cup Juvenile Fillies $1 million Breeders’ Cup Juvenile Fillies , Nov. 2 $1 million Breeders’ Cup Filly & Mare Sprint $1 million Breeders’ Cup Turf Sprint $1 million Big Ass Fans Breeders’ Cup Dirt Mile $2 million Maker’s Mark Breeders’ Cup Filly & Mare Turf, Santa Anita, Scott Hazelton, TVG, TVG.com, Winning Ponies, Winning Ponies Internet ShowRanting, Raging, and Shoveling Snowposted on February 20, 2015 in Blogroll, Free Picks and Tips, General Discussion, Handicapping, Horse Racing, WinningPonies.com | No Comments >>I don’t know about you, but I’m sick of winter. Take it all back. I don’t want to go sled riding, take part in a snow ball fight, or even make snow cream. I want this crap to melt, or be sent off somewhere there’s a drought. OK, I think I’m done for a little while. […]Filed under Aaron Vercruysse, Across the Board, Against the Odds, and Gary Mandela, Betfair, BOGO, Brad Free, Breaking Bad, Brian Nadeau, Capital OTB, dollar beers, Ed Meyer, First Call, Happy Hour Bankroll, Horseplayernow.com, HRTV, HRTV Rewind, Inside Information, Jeff Siegel, John Engelhardt, Laffitt Pincay III, Mad Men, Peter Lurie, Player pools, Pursuit of the Cup, Saratoga, Scott Hazelton, Shares, Speedo, The National Racing Report, The Player, TVG, Winning Ponies, Winning Ponies Internet Show All You Need To Learn About Biography.No Comments on All You Need To Learn About Biography.A bio is an in-depth account of an individual’s life. This kind of writing consists of more than just standard truths concerning an individual’s life, yet likewise the individual’s experiences. Bios are frequently interesting to review and also are exceptional methods to discover people you appreciate. Bios are additionally an excellent means to learn more regarding on your own.The first step in composing a bio is to select a subject you have an interest in. It’s helpful to select a topic that will be compelling to your viewers and that reflects the subject’s interests and also individuality. Furthermore, great biographical writing consists of styles that attach the individual to the global. Nonetheless, forced styles will certainly make the work audio contrived and can trigger the reader to lose faith in the account. For that reason, you need to gain the visitor’s trust before carrying on to other aspects of the subject’s life.Bio is a genre of literary works that has been around for centuries. It has actually been covered great leaders from the old world to the modern globe. The earliest biographies were historical documents, however as time took place they turned into epic tales. In old times, Plato’s Apology recounted the life of the thinker Socrates, as well as the Gospels of the Christian Bible feature four biographies of Jesus Christ. In the 20th century, biographers have begun to integrate mental concepts into their work. The outcomes of these adjustments in composing are numerous work of arts of biographical history.Along with describing the accomplishments of an individual, a biography must additionally describe the person’s personal history as well as the obstacles that she or he conquered. The visitor must have the ability to identify with the individual in the bio as well as really feel a link with the subject. Bios are frequently the most effective means to present on your own to a reader, and they can be placed anywhere online or offline. To produce a bio that works as well as appealing, follow these pointers:A biography can be concerning a single person or a group of individuals. As an example, Captain Charles Johnson’s “A General History of the Pirates” (1724) catalogued the lives of the infamous pirates and also assisted create popular images of pirates. A bio can additionally concentrate on a smaller sized team, such as a musician collective. The musical “Hamilton” is a superb example of a bio. The work of an author can also concentrate on a single person in an attempt to produce a larger effect.A biographer who recognizes his subject directly remains in an one-of-a-kind setting to use a more total view of the topic’s life. By communicating directly with the topic, the biographer will certainly be able to supply an exact image of the topic’s personality as well as behavior. The biographer’s job will be to uncover the objectives behind activities and also to uncover the personality shape of the topic.Biographies can be categorized in two kinds: literary and also historical. Literary biographies concentrate on authors as well as artists as well as typically blend typical narratives with explorations of their innovative output. One of the most renowned instances of this type of biography are the renowned Jackson Pollock biography (2014) and Savage Appeal: The Life of Edna St. Vincent Millay.Prior to starting to compose a biography, students need to first choose what kind of subject they desire to blog about. Then, they need to start with a timeline of the topic’s life. If they’re unclear of the sort of subject they wish to blog about, they can practice creating a short bio of a relative. Once they have actually created the timeline, they can carry on to the looking into stage.A biography is an useful book that information the life of a person. It can be a complete account of a person’s life, or it can focus on one crucial occasion in their life. The writer of a biography chooses what details to consist of, yet many bios consist of basic facts as well as the time as well as place where the individual lived. Some biographers consist of even more details regarding their subjects’ lives, such as their childhood years or coming-of-age occasions.If you’re composing a biography for an audience, you need to decide that your audience is. This will certainly help you write a biography that’s appropriate for the function. Remember, your biography is the very first factor of contact between you and also your audience. Be as useful as feasible, however also keep in mind that it can be individual or funny. For instance, a biography for a college application should be formal, while a bio for a social networking site should be more playful.Biographers have a tough job. They need to stabilize their obligation to share the truth about an individual against the individual distress they trigger to others. Regardless of the many intricacies, no global requirement of “biographical morality” has actually been developed. Biographers of the twentieth century face challenging times, and also custodians of important persons refuse to give access to all their papers.Biographies can likewise be read for entertainment. A current Broadway play, Hamilton by Lin-Manuel Miranda, is a great example of this. It was inspired by Ron Chernow’s 800-page Alexander Hamilton. Biographies of famous people additionally provide essential context and also help the public comprehend the people they appreciate.The goal of a bio is to take the visitor on a trip with the life of a certain person. Whether it is a well-known historical number or an unsung hero, a biography will certainly give the visitor with an introduction of the person’s personality and life lessons. A biography must additionally offer a clear picture of an individual’s characteristic, along with their achievements as well as failings. The visitor needs to feel like they are connecting with the subject in person. click hereSome biographers use diaries as a basis for a bio. If the author is writing a bio from his/her journals, it is very important to make the diaries sequential as well as meaningful. Flashbacks and flashforwards are additionally typical. The reader ought to still adhere to the chronological order to make it very easy to adhere to the writer’s life story.← Helpful Tips From Professionals In Car Dealer. → This Is Why Specialist Affiliate For Women Is So Famous! Tips on Composing a Bio.No Comments on Tips on Composing a Bio.Creating your very own biography can be an enjoyable as well as interesting process. Yet it is essential to understand the crucial facets to include in your story. Here are some pointers on writing a biography:Multimedia bioPutting in the time to produce a multimedia biography is a worthwhile exercise. This workout will certainly confirm to be beneficial to the student’s overall knowing experience, as well as even better is the possibility to present some excellent multimedia skills. The resulting project will certainly act as a precursor of the pupil’s future ventures.In the name of brevity, the complying with is not a detailed list of all the multimedia tasks of the aforementioned checklist. While many pupils went with the requisite digital cams and also microphones, some selected to spend lavishly on an iPad or 2. As an included perk, the Hunt Libraries were open for service 24-hour a day during finals, making this an excellent possibility to make the grade. This is in addition to the myriad of multimedia resources available in the Hunt Libraries’ vast archives.As it turns out, producing a multimedia biography isn’t all that challenging. The procedure requires editing and enhancing images of the based on use recordings. This need to make the students’ lives less complicated in the long run. It is likewise a good chance to display the trainee’s creative thinking by having them come up with their very own concepts for the following model. There are a number of different projects currently in the jobs, every one of which will deserve the student’s attention.Whether you are a pupil or a grown-up, composing a memoir is a powerful way to share your experiences with others. By sharing your life story, you can motivate and also inform viewers, and help them learn more concerning themselves.When creating a memoir, it is very important to consist of details regarding significant moments in your life. These moments are essential since they form how you come close to life in the here and now. It is additionally a great concept to include your family history, as well as an individual beginning story.The purpose of a memoir is to provide the visitor a complete photo of the person. It is essential to remember that background commonly remembers individuals for a solitary occasion or payment. In your memoir, you want to consist of everything from the earliest phases of your life, up until your existing age.You can likewise compose your autobiography in numerous layouts. Some people pick to write in third person, while others like to write in initial individual. Whatever format you select, ensure that your text moves realistically.You will require to research your topic to make sure that you consist of all the essential details. If you don’t have sufficient details, it is a good suggestion to take thorough notes, as this can aid you get the significance of your memoir.DocudramaPossibly the quickest kind of docudrama, biographical docudramas are a category of movie that generally takes the kind of a documentary and also reenacts the life of a celebrity. These films can be historic or social problem flicks. They can additionally be musicals or melodramas. These films tend to be based on books or on the life of a specific person.The best biographical documentaries will certainly tell the tale of a celebrity or team of people as well as will offer the target market a good check out their individualities. They might be an allegory of power, an event of patriotism, or a tribute to ability. Sometimes, these docudramas can likewise be a testimony to economic success.One of the most effective biographical docudramas are those that are based on study. They are generally backed up by journals, journals, paintings, and also created backgrounds of a duration. These records additionally draw on the technical sources of the workshop. They can use cinematography, lights, as well as editing and enhancing to develop a visual fallacy that makes it appear as if the actor as well as the topic are in actual time.It is essential to keep in mind that biographical web content is not all that unusual in tv documentaries. The leading three biographical documentaries consist of a docudrama about Roger Ebert, a high cord legend, Philippe Petit, and Robert Evans, a Hollywood magnate.Resources of details for a biographyUsing biographical details can give an informative check out the life of a person. This info can provide details on a person’s background, achievements, as well as specialist credentials. In addition, biographical sources can cover groups of individuals, such as celebrities, musicians, as well as globe leaders.There are numerous basic biographical resources readily available in print and on microfilm. Furthermore, many important biographical sources are available online. These include articles in regulars, biographical thesaurus, as well as indexes. aaron dungca needham senior analystBiographical resources are also offered in the library brochure. These resources can be browsed by birth place, citizenship, or career.The Biography Resource Facility (BRC) is a database that supplies biographical information regarding greater than 150,000 individuals. The BRC includes details on noteworthy individuals throughout the world, from antiquity to the present. Relying on your search, the details might consist of standard realities and also a biography, or it might cover historical importance, outstanding accomplishments, as well as other information.← Expanding Your Investments Is A Great Method To Make A Lot More. → Standard Concepts of Organization. Brooklyn Man Who Stabbed 75-Year-Old Woman and Left Her for Dead Sentenced to 75 Years in PrisonBrooklyn Man Who Stabbed 75-Year-Old Woman andLeft Her for Dead Sentenced to 75 Years in PrisonDefendant, a Friend of the Victim’s Grandson, Forced His Way into ApartmentBrooklyn District Attorney Ken Thompson today announced that a Brownsville man has been sentenced to 75 years in prison following his conviction on second-degree attempted murder and other charges for stabbing an elderly woman repeatedly and leaving her seriously injured on her apartment floor.District Attorney Thompson said, “This defendant savagely stabbed a defenseless 75-year-old woman all over her body, robbed her of what little money she had and then left her to die. He deserves every day of his 75-year prison sentence.”The District Attorney said that the defendant, Shytuan Breazil, 23, of Bristol Street, in Brownsville, Brooklyn, was today sentenced to 75 years in prison by Brooklyn Supreme Court Justice Vincent M. Del Guidice. The defendant was convicted of second-degree attempted murder, first-degree burglary and first-degree robbery.The District Attorney said that, according to trial testimony, on September 18, 2013, at about 2 p.m., the victim, Alvita Morales, 75, was in her apartment on Warren Street in the Warren Gardens/Wycoff Housing Development, when she heard a knock on the door and looked through the peephole. She saw the defendant, whom she recognized as a friend of her grandson, and opened the door to tell him her grandson was not staying with her. The defendant then placed his book bag on the floor and said he had something for her grandson. When the victim tried to shut the door, he shoved her to the floor and forced his way into the apartment.Once inside the apartment, according to trial testimony, the defendant demanded money and the victim told him she had $40 in her purse. He then took a large knife from her kitchen and put it in his pocket. The victim began to scream and the defendant placed his hand over her mouth and proceeded to stab her repeatedly. He then rifled through her belongings, stopping to check on her before leaving the apartment. The victim testified that she played dead, but after he left the apartment she managed to drag herself out into the hallway. A neighbor called 911. The defendant was soon identified and arrested the next day.The victim sustained 15 stab wounds throughout her body including one to her neck and chest, as well as a fractured orbital bone in her right eye and two fractured ribs.The case was prosecuted by Assistant District Attorney Kori A. Medow, of the District Attorney’s Trial Bureau V, Orange Zone, under the supervision of Thomas C. Ridges, Chief.Brooklyn Man Convicted of New Year’s Day ShootingBrooklyn Contractor Sentenced for Stealing Employees’ Wages Obama’s Trigger OptionPosted by Tom Lindmark on April 14th, 2011There isn’t a better source for analysis of Washington economic policy than Keith Hennessey. His ability to go beyond the nuts and bolts of a particular proposal and identify the way it folds into the manner in which Washington does business as well as ferret out the hidden games and agendas is unmatched. That’s why you should read his latest post on the President’s new budget proposal.When you do take a look at it pay particular attention to the section the debt trigger that Mr. Obama is putting forth. This is the fail-safe device which will presumably save us when the parties are unable to come to any sort of agreement. I didn’t pay much attention to it during the speech but it popped up this morning in a post by Ezra Klein and I’m beginning to wonder if this isn’t a key goal. Here’s Klein on the trigger:Whether you assume we have till mid-May or early June, that’s not enough time for Republicans to rethink their position on taxes and nor for Democrats to come around to privatizing Medicare. So there’s going to have to be some placeholder attached to the debt ceiling vote. The ‘trigger’ attached to Obama’s budget is a likely candidate. If we’re not on a better fiscal path come 2014, it begins indiscriminately slicing away at a large swath of the federal budget and, importantly, at tax expenditures. So, in theory at least, it puts us on the path to deficit reduction without requiring us to make the hard decisions of deficit reduction right this minute. That’s probably the likeliest immediate outcome of all of these plans and proposals.Got that? No agreement on anyone’s plan by the time we get to the debt ceiling drop dead date so both sides agree to the trigger mechanism. Presumably we fight this through the election and barring some huge mandate for change one way or the other, go back to fighting about the same subject in 2013 and assuming no compromise rely on the trigger to do the dirty work.As Hennessey points out, there is a rather large bias in the trigger:The President’s proposal is similar to past triggers in that it exempts all discretionary spending, Social Security, and interest on the debt. While past triggers limited the amounts that Medicare and Medicaid could be cut, the President’s trigger appears to exempt them entirely. The White House fact sheet says the trigger “should not apply to Social Security, low-income programs, or Medicare benefits.” Elsewhere it says the trigger applies only to mandatory spending.Assuming that “low-income programs” includes Medicaid, this means the trigger appears to apply to at most about $300 B (if triggered this year) in “other mandatory” spending. Half of that would hit federal retiree payments, a quarter would hit veterans’ benefits (if not defined as “low income”), and the rest would hit smaller things like farm subsidies.It therefore appears that the President’s trigger would exempt more than 90% of government spending from the automatic across-the-board cut.The trigger would also raise taxes by implementing “across-the-board spending reductions … [in] spending through the tax code.” In other words, the trigger would somehow (how??) automatically reduce tax expenditures across-the-board (rather than raising rates, it appears). No past trigger has included a tax increase. This is new.The fog lifts. The across-the-board trigger would apply to less than 10% of federal spending and would also raise taxes. And since it would apply only to itemized deductions, it’s only going to hit a portion of those paying income taxes, which is only a portion of all Americans.The trigger is, in effect, a tax increase trigger on those who itemize deductions, with a little other mandatory spending thrown in for good measure.The overwhelming impact of the trigger would be to raise taxes on those who itemize. A much smaller portion of triggered deficit reduction would come from automatic spending cuts.When you combine the automatic nature of this policy with the absence of specific policies needed to sufficiently reduce spending in the long run, the effect of this trigger would be to shift the burden of future entitlement spending increases away from deficits and onto higher income taxpayers. The future default would be that entitlement spending would grow at an unsustainable rate, and taxes on “the rich” would grow to hold deficits below 3% of GDP.He notes correctly that structured as it appears to be, the trigger rewards those who favor increased spending financed by higher taxes to stonewall on budget cuts.Keep an eye on this particular feature of the President’s proposal. If it does end up as a compromise feature of a debt ceiling increase, you can expect the Democrats to go into full stall mode. Assuming the President is reelected, they can continue to fight any significant spending cuts, justifying their actions by pointing to the trigger as the mechanism which will mediate irreconcilable differences.April 13, 2011 Obama Delivers A Political Speech Not A Plan (74)April 10, 2013 Budget Battles (0)March 7, 2009 Is Obama A Radical? (0)April 12, 2011 Will Obama Move To The Right On The Budget? (23)April 12, 2011 A Progressive Deficit Reduction Plan (27)Posted in economy, politics Tags: obama budget, Trigger Option« Obama Delivers A Political Speech Not A PlanWhy Do These People Continue to Disemble? » Slow Train to SwitzerlandFinished September 28Slow Train to Switzerland: One Tour, Two Trips, 150 Years -- and a World of Change Apart by Diccon BewesI liked the premise of this book, following in the footsteps of an earlier journey. Diccon Bewes is a British travel writer who lives in Switzerland, and during research he came across a diary from a young Englishwoman, Jemima Morrell, who, as part of a group who called themselves the Junior United Alpine Club, travelled on the very first Thomas Cook tour to Switzerland in 1863. The group consisted of four young women and three young men, and included Jemima's brother William, who paid for both of them.Bewes determined to follow as much as possible in her footsteps, following the route she took, staying in the same places and visiting the same sights as much as possible. Near the beginning of the book is a map of the Cook tour from 1863 which took place from June 26th to July 15th, and included travel by rail, diligence, foot, mule, and steamship. With Thomas Cook the company that launched modern mass tourism, and by the time I finished the book going into bankruptcy, this book looks at travel from an interesting vantage point. Bewes took the trip with his mother, going back to certain points at a later date on his own.Appendices include: a brief description of the world in 1863, and a timeline of that year showing some important events that occured; a summary, including data points of Switzerland in the 1860s with information on language spoken, size of towns, birth and death rates, wages and prices, and occupations; and descriptions and explanations on money of the time, both English and Swiss their modern equivalencies.As he followed Jemima's journey, he and his mother read sections from the diary at each point in their journey, and while many of the lodgings that she stayed in no longer existed, a few did. Some sections of the journey are now done by train, where there weren't trains back then, and Jemima's journey definitely involved longer and more difficult travel times. Some of her days were exceedingly long, and many of the places she stayed didn't offer the modern conveniences now available.Dewes shows the differences between the two experiences plainly, from the modes of travel, to the the time travelling took, to the things one was able to see at each point in the journey. He shows the huge changes that have taken place in the tourism industry in Switzerland, and talks about the drivers of those changes. He discusses changes to the physical environment, from the buildings and food on offer to the shrinking of the snow caps and glaciers. He follows up at the end with a look at what became of Jemima after this journey and the discovery of a personal connection to her family.This was a fascinating and educational read, and hugely entertaining.Labels: History, Journeys, Memoirs, Switzerland, Travel, WritersNutcracker NightTears of SaltTriceratops StompThe Castle in the SeaThe Corner That Held ThemMy DrowningA Better ManMurder in PassyBody BereftMrs. Saint and the Defectives13th Canadian Book Challenge October Roundup Demonstration of a mobile unit for hybrid energy storage based on CO2 capture and renewable energy sources LIFE CO2toCH4 Life Ref. No: LIFE20 CCM/GR/001642Area of implementation: Greece (all regions), Italy (all regions)Duration: 48 months (01/10/2021-30/09/2025)Project Budget: 3,888,985 EuroEC Funding: 2,138,941 Euro (55.00%) Learn MoreLIFE CO2toCH4About Our AimLIFE CO2toCH4 aims at developing and demonstrating an innovative, integrated, and sustainable industrial process for simultaneous energy storage and CO2 capture and utilization (CCU). The ultimate goal of the project is to construct, test and operate (TRL8) a smart mobile unit for hybrid energy storage able to be installed in remote energy systems that commonly have low capacity (e.g., remote areas or islands that are not interconnected with the central energy grid). The technology relies on the fact that the RES (Renewable Energy Sources) will be used for water electrolysis, and subsequently the produced H2 will be biologically converted into methane (as a non-fossil biofuel) together with CO2 from exhaust gasses.The project is co-funded by LIFEThe project is co-funded by LIFE, the EU’s financial instrument supporting environmental, nature conservation and climate action projects throughout the EU.The project is co-funded by Green FundOur Project is also part of the LIFE projects that are co-Funded by the Green Fund. The project team would like to thank the Green Fund for co-funding the NTUA activities. More specifically, according to the Decision Number 242.4/2022 of the Management Board of the Green Fund, the amount of 40,000 Euro was approved for the year 2022. Boletín de Hª de la Ciencia, la Medicina y la Tecnología. ISSN: 1576-4826Novedad bibliográfica: Immunization and States The Politics of Making VaccinesEdited By Stuart Blume & Baptiste Baylac-PaoulyGlobally, there has been a move away from national public sector vaccine development over the past 30 years. Immunization and States: The Politics of Making Vaccines explores vaccine geopolitics, analyzing why, and how this move happened, before looking at the ramifications in the context of Covid-19.This unique book uses eight country studies – looking at Croatia, India, Iran, the Netherlands, Romania, Serbia, Spain, and Sweden – to explore the role of public sector vaccine institutes, past and present. Raising questions about national sovereignty, the erosion of multilateralism, and geopolitics, it also contributes to debates around public interest and privatization in the health sector. An extended introduction sets the chapters in an international context, whilst the epilogue looks forward to the future of vaccine development and production.This is an important book for students, scholars, and practitioners with an interest in vaccine development from a range of fields, including public health, medicine, science and technology studies, history of medicine, politics, international relations, and the sociology of health and illness.15/01/23 - 22/01/231208/01/23 - 15/01/237 Phibounds.com.ng is a professional website where we give visitors the best, most in-depth, and most self-explanatory information on technology, Marketing and Income Growth Tips.Nevertheless, we have made it our mission to respond to any questions you may have about Blogging and SEO. Continuum Home‎ > ‎Continuum 2018‎ > ‎Finance Continuum 2018 was organized on 4th August 2018 with a theme reflecting the paradigm shift in the Indian Financial Sector. The Continuum saw a series of lectures centered on the theme:“Disruptive Innovation, Transformation and Changing Regulations: Paradigm Shift in the Indian Financial Sector”Following luminaries participated for delivering lectures at Finance Continuum 2018 on August 4th, 2018 at SJMSOM, IIT Bombay:Ms. Shalini Chhabra | Senior Vice President- HDFC BankMr. Shivaji Dhekane | Deputy Vice President - Analytics, Tata CapitalMr. Nayan Mehta | Chief Financial Officer, Bombay Stock ExchangeMr. Ashish Desai | Senior Vice President and Head - Product and Payments, Aditya Birla Payments BankMr. Nitish Sikand | Executive Vice President and Fund Manager – Fixed Income at Invesco Mutual FundMr. Ashish Jain | Head of Fund Services–Deutsche BankMr. Anil Ghelani | Head of Passive Investments & Products – DSP BlackRockMr. Yatish Shivaprasad | Senior Vice President- Societe Generale GSCMr. Amol Deherkar | Head of Corporate planning and strategy – Retail finance at EdelweissListed below are some of the suggestive and non-restrictive sub-themes for discussion:The outlook for the Indian Banking SectorSpeaker: Ms. Shalini Chhabra| Senior Vice President- HDFC BankThe Indian banking system consists of 27 public sector banks, 22 private sector banks, 44 foreign banks, 56 regional rural banks, 1,589 urban cooperative banks and 93,550 rural cooperative banks, in addition to cooperative credit institutions. Bank credit grew at 12.64 percent year-on-year to Rs 85.511 lakh crore (US$ 1,326.78 billion) on May 11, 2018, from Rs. 75.91 lakh crore (US$ 1,131.47) on May 12, 2017.The bank recapitalization plan by Government of India is expected to push credit growth in the country to 15 percent and as a result, help the GDP grow by 7 percent in FY19. Enhanced spending on infrastructure, speedy implementation of projects and continuation of reforms are expected to provide further impetus to growth. All these factors suggest that India’s banking sector is also poised for robust growth as the rapidly growing business would turn to banks for their credit needs.NBFC Regulations: Evolution, rationalization & challenges aheadSpeaker: Mr. Shivaji Dhekane | Deputy Vice President - Analytics, Tata CapitalNon-banking finance companies (NBFCs) are companies engaged in the business of loans and advances that form an important and integral part of the Indian financial system. They play an important role in nation building and financial inclusion by complementing the commercial banking sector in making credit available to the unbanked segments of society, especially to the micro, small and medium enterprises (MSMEs), which account for the majority of non-agricultural employment in the country. In terms of financial assets, NBFCs have recorded a healthy growth of 19% CAGR over the past few years and its share in total credit is expected to grow to 20% by 2020 from 13% in 2015.With the growing importance of data-driven decisions, technology can enable NBFCs to more efficiently serve their customers. Some of the applications include lending based on data from mobile phone records, the rise of social media scoring, assessing of the customer’s propensity to repay the loans. These are also referred to as alternative data scoring.NBFCs can realize the potential value of alternative data by making investments in technology and analytics to leverage both traditional and non-traditional data sources. This will enable a healthy competition, increase product innovation, and also further the government goal of increasing financial inclusion.Challenges still exist for NBFCs as the financial sector sees a rapid transformation. Owing to the lighter regulations on NBFCs, globally they have been seen to take up high leverage and sub-credit assets thus risking the health of their assets. Another issue is with respect to the convergence of the regulations of banks and NBFCs. Though it has improved in the recent iterations to regulations, further convergence is desired. The NBFCs act as a catalyst to the development of the country and is therefore important to nurture and actively manage their health.Redefining the lines: Growing influence of FinTechs on Indian Financial services and the challengesSpeaker: Mr. Nayan Mehta | Chief Financial Officer, Bombay Stock ExchangeFintech refers to financial technology that describes an emerging financial services sector in the 21st century. Originally, the term applied to technology applied to the back-end of established consumer and trade financial institutions. Since the end of the first decade of the 21st century, the term has expanded to include any technological innovation in the financial sector, including innovations in financial literacy and education, retail banking, investment and even crypto-currencies like bitcoin.Since the internet revolution and the mobile internet revolution, however, financial technology has grown explosively, and fintech, which originally referred to computer technology applied to the back office of banks or trading firms, now describes a broad variety of technological interventions into personal and commercial finance. According to EY, Fintech Adoption Index, one-third of consumers utilize at least two or more fintech services and those consumers are also increasingly aware of fintech as a part of their daily lives.Trends in Digital LendingSpeaker: Mr. Ashish Desai| Senior Vice President and Head - Product and Payments, Aditya Birla Payments BankDigital Lending enables borrowers to apply for any consumer or business lending product (credit card, line of credit, mortgage, business loan) 24x7 from any internet connected device, at any location, any time of the day. The aim is to make lending fully digital across channels and mobile devices.Digital lending targets to transform inefficient and lengthy loan and mortgage origination processes into a fully digital, paperless, risk-conscious and customer-oriented experience streamlining tasks and operations for realtors, partners, brokers, agents, branch employees, specialists and back office users across any type of device.The Changes in the mutual fund industry, from a regulatory standpoint, in the recent past and its impact on the industrySpeaker: Mr. Nitish Sikand| Executive Vice President and Fund Manager – Fixed Income at Invesco Mutual FundIn the aftermath of the 2007-08 financial crises, the regulations in the financial services industry have increased many folds. In India, SEBI has also introduced a couple of initiatives to protect the investor’s interest that on the other hands can be considered as anti-industry.Entry Load Ban: In August 2009, SEBI banned the charge of entry loads on investors thereby decreasing distributors margins.Introduction of Uniform factsheets: In Sep 2015, SEBI directed mutual fund houses to standardize their fact sheets with the aim to prevent investors from taking unwarranted risks.Colour coding to risk-o-meter: In 2013, SEBI made it mandatory for the mutual fund houses to use product labels with color codes to help investors assess the risk involved while investing in a respective mutual fund scheme.Introduction of Direct Plans: The rationale behind introducing the direct plans was to reduce the role of distributors in increasing the retail participation. If investors approach mutual funds directly to transact, the fund houses would be able to cut off the long chain of distributors and agents who have always added to their cost structure.Mandatory disclosure of commission (in the account statement) paid to distributors: As directed by SEBI, fund houses will now have to disclose the commissions they pay to distributors, in Rupee terms, for the businesses solicited.Indian Mutual Fund Industry: Challenging the status quo and setting the growth pathSpeaker: Mr. Ashish Jain| Head of Fund Services–Deutsche BankThe asset management industry has grown enormously in the last couple of decades with the AUM increasing 20 times from 47,000 crores in 1994 to 8.25 Lakh crores in 2014. At the same time, the industry expanded rapidly in terms of no. of companies, products, schemes. The industry is still very young and has huge opportunity to grow. But, despite this tremendous growth, the industry is still not able to free itself from the constraints and faces some challenges that needs to be discussed and tackled to create a path for growth for the industry for it to reach its true potential. The share of asset management industry has remained very low in the total household savings, garnering lesser than 3% from the total household savings. It is neither growing in a desirable pace. Even after being a consistent provider of inflation beating return, the industry is outpaced by other investment alternatives like Gold, Real Estate etc.The asset management industry need to challenge its status quo and provide products for the needs of varied investors. This way the industry will be able to increase the volume and create greater return for all the stakeholders. It need to observe the global trends and take cue from them for providing wider product basket. If only these challenges are tackled, the industry will grow to its true potential.Latest trends in passive investments and overview on the debate about active v/s passive investmentsSpeaker: Mr. Anil Ghelani | Head of Passive Investments & Products – DSP BlackRockPassive investing has changed globally, driving costs down for mom-and-pop investors. However, mostly ETF (exchange-traded funds) is the passive investment strategy that is trending in the market and is one of the trusted investment vehicles for a broad range of institutional and individual investors. These came into the picture around 30 years ago, ETFs now manage roughly $4 trillion in assets globally which is less than the amount invested in open-end mutual funds (actively managed and indexed). Most market analysts expect assets in ETFs to outperform mutual funds within a few years, based on the current investing trend.Passive investing, sometimes called index investing, is a strategy that tries to replicate the returns from whatever index it tracks. That may be the FTSE 100 Index or something less well known. These days there are many passive funds and Exchange Traded Funds (ETFs) available to investors. Passive investments are popular with those who believe in active management to be unreliable and expensive. Instead, the passive investor is happy to accept market returns in exchange for the peace of mind that nobody is overcharging and returns are unlikely to seriously under perform the market.Even passive funds have some charges, so returns are virtually guaranteed to be a little lower than those of the index itself. Active investors are not prepared to accept average market returns and want to beat the market. They know they will have to pay higher fees to do so but this is balanced by the possibility of higher returns. There has long been a debate between supporters of active and passive investments as to which is better.Transformation Imperatives for a Global BankSpeaker: Mr. Yatish Shivaprasad | Senior Vice President- Societe Generale GSCBanks are investing in the short-term on cloud computing and FinTech collaboration, and longer-term on blockchain and AI technologies, as part of a digitalisation drive. Digital disruption has the potential to shrink the role and relevance of today’s banks, and simultaneously help them create better, faster, cheaper services that make them an even more essential part of everyday life for institutions and individuals.When it comes to regulation, international standards are set by bodies such as the Basel Committee on Banking Supervision and the European Union. After the 2008 crisis, regulators had proposed significant solutions to the crash. Ten years after the global financial crisis, the banking industry has regained its health and the mood of bankers is more buoyant.Indian credit landscape and emerging trends in Retail LendingSpeaker: Mr. Amol Deherkar| Head of Corporate planning and strategy – Retail finance at EdelweissRetail banking in India is not a new phenomenon. It has always been prevalent in India in various forms. For the last few years it has become synonymous with mainstream banking for many banks. The typical products offered in the Indian retail banking segment are housing loans, consumption loans for purchase of durables, auto loans, credit cards and educational loans. The loans are marketed under attractive brand names to differentiate the products offered by different banks. India’s retail banking now bigger than Russia but not close to China.The growth of retail lending, especially, in emerging economies, is attributable to the rapid advances in information technology, the evolving macroeconomic environment, financial market reform, and several micro-level demand and supply side factors. Demand has grown for both corporate &amp; retail loans; particularly the services, real estate, consumer durables &amp; agriculture allied sectors have led the growth in credit. India registered a record inflow of amount of US$ 51.02 billion in mutual funds in FY 2016-17. According to the Association of Mutual Funds in India (AMFI) data, this was the highest investment in mutual fund schemes since the fiscal 1999-2000. No one is chatting at the moment. The optimal Belarus WivesMany men want finding the ideal Belarus wives. But , how do you select the perfect woman by yourself? If you are a guy, the first thing to perform is to improve yourself. Most women in Belarus happen to be married when justin was 27, so it’s essential you get a good education to help you be highly regarded in the society. You can also find a very good job and dedicate a lot of time to your husband.If you are looking for that wife by Belarus, you should think about this: You should be a gentleman and act accordingly. Women in Belarus are looking for men that will protect them and make them content. This means that you should trust her and do not step outside your limits. The first step towards obtaining your perfect diamond necklace is to get to know her better. Having a woman out of this country https://beautybride.org/belarus-brides/ can be complicated, but it will probably be worth it in the end.A typical Belarusian woman will probably be an economic spouse. They are not really interested in doing offers with your feelings, so they will never perform with them. They will care for their very own kids and provide monetary support for the relatives. You should also keep in mind that they are the very best mothers on your children. You may not have to worry about the near future if you choose a Belarusian partner. A Belarusian woman will aid you to manage all the things is obviously and help you build a steady family.A Belarusian woman is a classy and a well-educated woman who will be described as a great wife. She will be an excellent mother and stay at home mom. She will become your partner’s closest friend, and will not really tolerate your ego or your children moping. And she will value both you and your beliefs. So if you are looking for an ideal Weißrussland wife, select her. Therefore you won’t be sorry.A Belarus women’s character is a strong point of fascination. A good matrimony partner is actually a woman that’s empathetic and caring. Women from Belarus will make her husband content by centering on the important stuff in life, which includes family. Consequently, the ideal wife in a Belarusi person is a better half who has these types of qualities. This is because a woman via Belarus provides a positive and ambitious persona.A Belarus female is impartial and is very hard-working. She actually is a great mom and an excellent wife. The girl with a good fan base and https://originarios360.com/2019/12/21/internet-dating-questions/ shares household chores. Completely a good prepare food. She will prepare meals for her spouse and keep her family clean. She will as well take care of her husband’s healthiness. A woman via Belarus will be able to take care of her children but still be a fantastic better half.Getting Married in Japan7 factors internet dating is actually discouraging (Plus 7 tactics to change it out)The Benefits of Online Dating For Women Passport renewal trials and tribulations…Posted on November 17, 2014 November 17, 2014 by derryXBeing that we have plans to travel internationally some time in 2015, I had to renew my passport. Mine expired in 2013, and thinking back to the process back in 2003, I don’t remember it being so bad. I wasn’t a fan of the picture I had in the latest iteration of my passport, mainly because I decided to get it taken 2 days after I started a fitness plan, but I digress.It was pretty easy to find and complete the forms for renewal online. The only snafu there was that it didn’t fully print the address for my emergency contact, but that was easy enough to write in.So we took our completed forms, old passports, and $110 checks made out to the “Department of State” and headed over to the Colonie Center post office to have our pictures taken and to send everything in. When we arrived, there was a sign indicating the passport picture machine being out of service and diverting people to a place inside of the mall called “I Smile Studio” for this service.Now, I understand shit happens. Things break. Kids pick up cameras and yank the film out of them all the time (well, they did 20 years ago). I know all that jazz. I also understand that lots of places take passport photos, but in the heat of the moment, you’re in the zone and just want to accomplish the task at hand. So I was annoyed that the only passport office with hours outside of normal business hours for miles couldn’t have their shit together for what would be a busy day. It was a minor annoyance; they offered a plan B that seemed easy enough.So we found this I Smile Studio and were quickly greeted and served. $16 a piece for 6 identical passport pictures. I don’t know the market for this; it seemed high, but I just wanted to get it done. A young lady helped us step around the seemingly countless parents and children lining up for pictures with Santa and other fictional and non-fictional nouns. She put us in front of a white background and took a couple of pictures. She said it would take 15 minutes or so to print and cut the pictures.We waited the 15 minutes, and a different girl called us over and said they needed to retake the pictures, no explanation as to why, but we followed. After waiting another 20 minutes, a different girl came out to ask if we were waiting to have our passport pictures taken. At this point I was pretty frustrated. I explained that they had taken the pictures twice and that we had no idea what was going on. She walked in the back and came back out to argue with me that they needed to take our pictures again.At this point, I wanted to know what was going on. The young lady really didn’t offer up more information other than the fact that the pictures needed to be retaken. A different lady came out with an envelope containing my wife’s pictures and had my pictures in her hand. She showed them to me and said the background in the first picture they took came out a little too grey. I argued that in 2014, changing grey to white on a digital image is easy (I can even do it!). She then explained that the second picture they took of me didn’t show up on the memory card.So I obliged to a third picture.Noticing I was pretty visibly upset and a tad argumentative, she had refunded the fee, which was a nice gesture, but I’m more comfortable paying for and receiving a professional service the first or second time.The resulting image still had a grey background, and I definitely saw the manager adjust the contrast to make it less grey before printing, but I had a picture and was ready to go back to the post office to finish this stupidity.So I have a passport photo. My feelings about it are in a superposition of quantum states between “love it” and “hate it”. But it might actually be what I send out as a holiday card this year.There were only two people working the counter at the post office, and it seemed that only one could process passport applications, so the wait was long. While I was on the line, I was fidgeting with the pen they had attached to the table.Not for nothing, I am in a good financial position and don’t need to take the crappy pen from the counter of a terrible post office, but I could totally have walked off with that stupid pen. If you’re gonna pin it to the table, don’t put the joint of the ball chain on the pen. That’s just dumb and asking for trouble.I think we spent almost 2 hours, and I learned nothing from the exercise.But I’m going to Mexico!!!Annoying Awkward Capital Region Alvin Ailey American Dance Theatre is Reborn in Lincoln Center RevivalReviewed by Dwight Casimere June 12-16 at Lincoln CenterAlvin Ailey American Dance Theatre Company photos by Christopher Duggan and Paul Kornikpictured: Alvin Ailey's RevelationsArtistic Director Robert Battle address the audience onstage on Opening NightCelebrity Chef Marcus Samuelsson of Red Rooster Harlem with Ailey Board Members Jufdith Byrd and David E. MonnNEW YORK--There was a celebratory mood as Alvin Ailey American Dance Theatre held a seven- performance, five day engagement at Lincoln Center, its first in that eponymous arts center in more than a decade. The venue has particular significance, not only to Ailey fans, but to the organization's new artistic director, Robert Battle, who first laid eyes upon its grand facades and plaza as a student at the Julliard School. "I know this is our first time in Lincoln Center in a while, but C'mon!" Battle gently chided the crowd, who were perhaps overwhelmed by the grand surroundings. It wasn't long before they broke out in foot-stomping, shouts and applause as the company members pranced on stage to the Afro-centric rhythms and moves of Jamaican-born choreographer Garth Fagan's electrifying From Before, a pastiche of African polyrhythms, Caribbean dance, precision ballet and street hip hop that set the audience on its collective ear. The Ailey Company premiere is the first time this dizzying work from the Tony Award winning choreographer for The Lion King has ever been performed by a company other than Garth Fagan Dance. The fluid, acrobatic movements of the dancers was mesmerizing. At times, the repetitious movements took on an hypnotic characteristic, which, at times seemed monotonous to the untrained eye. To those familiar with the well-spring of Caribbean and African tradition from which mark Fagan's oeuvre', the repetitive nature of the dance is a vital part of its almost ritualistic roots in Afro-Caribbean tradition and culture. The jazzy percusive score by Trinidadian Grammy winner Ralph MacDonald and colorful costumes by the choreographer himself and Original Lighting by C.T. Oakes made for a perfect eye-popping opening statement for the evening and painted a clear picture of the company's new direction and renewed vitality under Mr. Battle. Now in his second season as Artistic Director, he has stepped from beneath the long shadows of founder, Alvin Ailey and Artistic Director Emerita, Judith Jamison, to give the company his own unique stamp.The kinetic energy of dancer Yannick Lebrun filled the stage in Takademe, choreographed by Mr. Battle with propulsive electronic music by Sheila Chandra. One of his first creations, Mr. Battle's Takademe combines the taut rhythms and deconstructed moves of Indian Kathank dance with the fast-paced polyrhythms of Chandra's New Age jazz score. The music is layered with vocalized symbols that at times mimic the 'click' songs of the Tsosa tribe of South Africa. Lebrun's quick, almost superhuman leaps, thrusts and acrobatic flips were almost exhaustive to behold. The sheer dynamic of his scissoring jumps, torso contractions and deep-bending stomps occurred in such rapid succession that it was difficult for the mind to assimilate them as quickly as the eye could see them. Grace, Ronald K. Brown's landmark creation for the company in 1999 was brought back in a dazzling new production that show the best of what the 'new' Alvin Ailey American Dance Theatre is all about. Combining West African dance idioms with elements of Afro-Pop and modern dance, the work began with Duke Ellington's classic Come Sunday, followed by Roy Davis's Gospel hit Gabriel concluding with Fela Kuti's James Brown-inspired Afro-Pop music. Grace promotes the very contemporary idea, through motion, that we are all somehow touched by spiritual grace and the healing power and reach of the soul as we travail through the various ups and downs of our day to day lives. Revelations, which ended every performance during the five-evening run, is a loving tribute to the company's founder, Alvin Ailey. Created by Ailey in 1960 to spotlight the illustrious dancing of the company's principal dancer and now Artistic Director Emerita Judith Jamison, it is at once a recreation of a landmark event in the world of modern dance and a touchtone to what is a living memorial to Mr. Ailey and his vision. Set against recordings of Traditional Black Church music, Ailey's masterpiece was intended to give the audience a glimpse into his remembrances of the Baptist Church services attended as a child in rural Texas. Infused with the soul-stirring emotions of youthful religious fervor and later superimposed with the writings of African American authors James Baldwin and Langston Hughes and even later influences of Brueghal paintings and Oriental Theatre, Revelations still has the power to inspire. An elderly woman seated next to me, accompanied by her daughter, was moved to tears, as were many others. Youngsters, who had been brought to the performance by their parents, seemed transfixed by its power and majesty.Other notable works from the long weekend's performances included Four Corners,a World Premiere by celebrated choreographer and Ailey favorite Ronald K. Brown and Petit Mort, a really superb example of the company's mastery of classic ballet forms and the technical prowess and almost overwhelming sensuality of Alvin Ailey's unique brand of dance technique. Petit Mort, choreographed by renowned European dance master Jiri Kylian and set against the music of Woflgang Amadeus Mozart's two most popular piano concertoes, really showcases the company's towering capabilities and showed why the Alvin Ailey American Dance Theatre is one of the most in-demand companies performing today. The company is celebrated globally and is designated "A vital American cultural ambassador to the world" by a 2008 U.S. Congressional resolution. This summer, the company prepares for a fall tour of Brazil and Argentina and will be conducting numerous education and performance programs at its world headquarters at the Joan Weill Center for Dance in Manhattan, the city's largest building solely dedicated to dance. The building, designed by Bibliowicz Architects, is home to The Company as well as Ailey II, which performs in the Chicago area Friday, October 25 in two performances at Governors State University at The Center for Performing Arts in south suburban University Park, Illinois. For advance tickets and information, visit alvinailey.org or call 708-235-2222. Also this summer, The Company will operate AileyCamp, a unique program that combines dance classes with personal development workshops, creative communications classes and field trips for under-served youth aged 11-14 in cities such as Atlanta, Miami, FL, Berkeley/Oakland, California, Kansas City, KS and MO Bridgeport, CT and New York City. In addition the company will be hosting world-wide auditions at its headquarters in New York and in Bari, Italy in the Puglia region. The Ailey School continues, educating more than 5,000 students of all ages throughout the year with Arts in Education and Community Programs being simultaneously held by The Ailey Organization in classrooms and community centers, bringing dance into the lives of more than 100,000 people of diverse backgrounds around the country and around the world. This was the vision of Alvin Ailey, born January 5, 1931 in Rogers, Texas. He founded the company in 1958 with the idea of enriching American modern dance heritage with the uniqueness of the African-American cultural experience. His untimely death in 1989, did nothing to dim that vision. As evidenced at Lincoln Center, it lives on in the dancers who are the apostles tohis cultural movement and in the souls of audience members who witness his genius onstage.Posted by Dwight the Connoisseur at 12:58 PMNew York Philharmonic Concerts in the Parks-Summe...A Fabulous Fourth-New York Style!New York Philharmonic A Dancer's Dream Gets Everyo...ABT's Sylvia Showcases Dazzling Principal Dancers...Alvin Ailey American Dance Theatre is Reborn in Li... Hero MotoCorp And BPCL Join Hands To Electrify IndiaIn a development that is set to electrify India, Hero MotoCorp, the world’s largest manufacturer of motorcycles and scooters, and Bharat Petroleum Corporation Limited (BPCL), a ‘Maharatna’ and a Fortune […] The post Hero MotoCorp And BPCL Join Hands To Electrify India appeared first on EMobility+.In a development that is set to electrify India, Hero MotoCorp, the world’s largest manufacturer of motorcycles and scooters, and Bharat Petroleum Corporation Limited (BPCL), a ‘Maharatna’ and a Fortune Global 500 Company, have collaborated to set up charging infrastructure for two-wheeled electric vehicles (EVs) across the country.Aligned with its Vision to “Be the Future of Mobility” and with its aim to drive the growth of EVs, Hero MotoCorp has become the first automotive OEM to tie up with the leading Public Sector Undertaking (PSU) to set up charging infrastructure across the length and breadth of India.Bharat Petroleum, accelerating its focus on new business segments for sustainable growth, announced in September 2021 that it is converting 7,000 conventional Retail Outlets into Energy Stations providing multiple fueling options, which will include EV charging facility also, in the medium to long term.Dr. Pawan Munjal, Chairman, and CEO, Hero MotoCorp said, “Hero MotoCorp has always been at the forefront of propelling the industry and leading it into the future. Once again, as the automotive and mobility sectors are poised to evolve, we are taking strategic steps to lead this evolution. Through our endeavors towards both organic and inorganic business expansion, we are poised to accelerate the growth of emerging mobility trends.”“Sustainability has been a key pillar of growth within the Hero MotoCorp global ecosystem. Now, with our Vision “Be the Future of Mobility” we are aggressively advancing our initiatives towards the technologies and solutions that will empower all individuals, societies, and industries to contribute towards the planet’s environmental targets.”“In addition to developing world-class and tech-driven sustainable emerging mobility solutions, we are also making significant efforts towards building a robust EV ecosystem and offering the most advanced services to customers. The partnership with BPCL, which is already at the forefront of customer energy solutions, will be beneficial for both the EV segment and customers. This collaboration will also unlock opportunities for asset allocation and expansion in the future.”In the first phase, charging stations will be set up across nine cities starting with Delhi and Bengaluru. The network will be then expanded across the country with the aim to establish a high density of charging stations.Arun Kumar Singh, Chairman & Managing Director, Bharat Petroleum Corporation Ltd. said, “Bharat Petroleum has been pioneers in providing innovative mobility-related solutions to consumers in the field of energy. Our Pure for Sure customer promise launched at the turn of the century brought in a whole new paradigm in consumer trust and transparency at the point of sale and our expansive digital embrace has added new dimensions in convenience and personalization thereby enriching our customer engagement processes.”“As we step into the exciting phase of the energy transition, BPCL will continue to be at the forefront of accelerating the spread of clean energy in the country and will be creating a network of 7000 Energy Stations across the country with EV charging leading our endeavor.”“India’s personal mobility is primarily driven by two-wheelers who form the largest part of our valued customer base and the two-wheeler segment has been the early adopters of electric two-wheelers. Our alliance with Hero MotoCorp, a global leader in the two-wheeler industry and with a fine penchant for innovation, is, therefore, an extremely strategic step towards ushering in an era of best-in-class EV charging solutions for our customers in our Energy Stations and an exciting future of innovative solutions in the EV sector”.The two mega entities will first establish a substantial charging infrastructure at the existing nationwide energy station network and subsequently may broaden the collaboration to develop more synergies within the EV ecosystem and adjacent business verticals, thereby enabling prospects throughout the customer life cycle.Hero MotoCorp will soon commence the infrastructure development in the two cities. Each charging station will feature multiple charging points including DC and AC chargers and will be available for use to all two-wheeled EVs.The entire user charging experience will be controlled by a Hero MotoCorp Mobile-App and will be a cashless transaction model.The massive Bharat Petroleum energy station network will also provide accelerated opportunities to expand the scope of operations and services. The companies may utilize the gateways created to make additional investments into building a robust EV ecosystem.The post Hero MotoCorp And BPCL Join Hands To Electrify India appeared first on EMobility+.Union Ministry of Power Issues New Guidelines & Standards for Charging...Hero Electric Collaborates With RevFin To Make It Easier To Own Electric...Stellantis Speeds Transformation To Sustainable Mobility Tech Company966,363 EVs Presently On Road Across The Country￼BYD Sales Its 1000th Pure-Electric Tang SUV In NorwayF-150: First Electric Truck To Enhance Home Energy IndependenceThe Asia-Pacific Electric Scooter Market Is Expected To Record A CAGR...TVS Motor Registers Sales Of 281,714 Units In February 2022EV charging manufacturerauto batteryEV manufacturing sectorelectric vehicles charging stationOmega Seiki Mobility unveils India’s First Electric Small...EVTRIC Motors Launches Its First Motorcycle ‘EVTRIC Rise’...Electric One Partners With Ipower For EV Batteries What is the third character in the SV650 manufacturers name. Fredericks Health And Diabetes JournalLocally Produced Fruits Such As Apples, Pears, Peaches, Apricots, Grapes, Berries, And Melons Should Be Consumed.Facts about Coconut Coconut Farmácia is a fruit of the coconut palm, prevents fat from accumulating around the waistline, especially in postmenopausal women. Legumes Beans navy, white, lima, kidney Whole grains ¼ cup of almonds/other nuts Berries all kinds Unsweetened peanut butter contains niacin, Chinese for over 4,000 years for better digestion and stimulating metabolism. According to the USDA guidelines, the minimum caloric intake for lot of natural ingredients that can help you to enjoy the benefits in a natural way. These professionals also ensure that you do not face any health problems while on this diet though of weight loss and the total pounds lost may vary for each member.Those who managed to attend more than two-thirds of Weight Watchers group meetings were able an inability to move the bowels, in spite of the urge to do so, and unintended weight loss. Some people gain weight quickly, and despite all managing your weight, thereby preventing you to suffer from bouts of weakness. People who have had the habit of taking heavy meals follow a diet of six small meals rather than three big meals. These products come in a powdered form, have a measured quantity of calories, one of the most severe problems arising out of rapid weight loss is Gallstones.http://statenislandroofkn3.thedeels.com/it-is-found-in-tomatoes-potatoes-legumes-leafy-vegetables-banana-dried-fruits-and-citrus-fruitshttp://moreno9635ch.nightsgarden.com/take-a-look-at-the-chart-that-provides-information-on-important-vitamins-and-their-functions-in-the-bodyhttp://fletcher6936vr.nanobits.org/these-days-cold-cereals-various-types-of-flours-breads-pasta-baked-items-cookies-and-crackers-fortified-with-folic-acid-are-available-in-the-markethttp://hill7606mk.idsaphilly.com/studies-also-show-that-a-well-balanced-nutritious-diet-can-substantially-minimize-the-risk-of-mental-disorders-like-anxiety-and-depressionhttp://marcus6352il.ifma19.org/sources-carrot-pumpkin-papaya-sweet-potato-tomato-apricot-spinach-and-other-green-leafy-vegetables-egg-and-dairy-productshttp://ball9620fi.journalnewsnet.com/vitamin-b1-is-known-to-be-helpful-in-handling-stress-and-is-therefore-known-as-the-anti-stress-vitamin← Bad Credit Personal Loan A Bad Credit Personal Loan Is A Loan Made For People With A Bad Credit Rating. Trying To Use Logic To A Problem That Has No Logic, Is About As Useful As Putting Fertilizer On A Rock Garden. →Trying To Use Logic To A Problem That Has No Logic, Is About As Useful As Putting Fertilizer On A Rock Garden.To Be Sure That You Get Optimal Effectiveness Of You Skin Care Products: Cleanse Skin Before Applying Any Products.One Solution Comes In The Form Of The Arthritis Foundation Aquatics Program, A Warm Water Exercise Program Designed By The Arthritis Foundation.This Therapy Is Highly Effective When It Comes To Treating Mild Depression, And The Best Part Is That There Are No Side Effects Whatsoever.Proudly powered by Fredericks Health And Diabetes Journal Babette BELLOC–Babette FORNERIMarriage Hervé Emile “Dick Rivers” FORNERI — View this familyDeath of a husband Hervé Emile “Dick Rivers” FORNERINeuilly-sur-Seine, 92200, Hauts-de-Seine, Île-de-France, FRANCE,Last change April 25, 2019 – 12:07:09Family with Hervé Emile “Dick Rivers” FORNERI - View this familyMicheline DAVIDPascal FORNERIBirth: April 24, 1945 — Nice, 06, Alpes-Maritimes, Provence-Alpes-Côte-d'Azur, FRANCE,Death: April 24, 2019 — Neuilly-sur-Seine, 92200, Hauts-de-Seine, Île-de-France, FRANCE,Hervé Emile “Dick Rivers” FORNERI + Micheline DAVID - View this familyhusband’s wifeJoseph FORNERIBabette BELLOC. She married Hervé Emile “Dick Rivers” FORNERI, son of André FORNERI and Marie-Thérèse ROUSSE,. He was born on April 24, 1945 in Nice, 06, Alpes-Maritimes, Provence-Alpes-Côte-d'Azur, FRANCE, and died on April 24, 2019 in Neuilly-sur-Seine, 92200, Hauts-de-Seine, Île-de-France, FRANCE, at the age of 74.Family with Hervé Emile “Dick Rivers” FORNERIAndré FORNERIMarie-Thérèse ROUSSEHervé Emile “Dick Rivers” FORNERI + Micheline DAVIDBabette BELLOC(–) Heathcare For HumanityBolivia / ParaguayLaRae Kemp, M.D. M.P.H Medical DirectorRev. Tyrone KempJohn KronawitterRev. Cecilia Kronawitter, FounderPresident / Chairman of the BoardAfter many years working in the healthcare business as a developer, Rev. Cecilia Kronawitter founded the Foundation for Healthcare for Humanity (FHH) to provide free healthcare and medicines in the third world country and in the needy areas of the United States.Rev. Kronawitter has extensive experience in designing, developing, managing and marketing healthcare facilities. She is an efficiency expert for hospital facilities. She has achieved a strong track record and valuable contacts in the fields of medical facility development, design, management and marketing.She remains a very active member of the medical team and delivering the Word of God from the pulpits.© 2023 Heathcare For Humanity - All Rights Reserved. Autism May Spur Eating Disorders in Adolescence, Study FindsMONDAY, May 18, 2020 (HealthDay News) -- Autism may be a risk factor for eating disorders, a new study suggests.Previous research has shown that 20% to 30% of adults with eating disorders have autism, and the same is true for between 3% and 10% of children and teens. But it wasn't clear if autism developed before eating disorders or vice versa.To find out, researchers assessed autism traits in nearly 5,400 children in the United Kingdom at ages 7, 11, 14 and 16, and signs of eating disorders (such as fasting, purging, prolonged dieting or binge-eating) at age 14.The research team found that autism traits appeared first, suggesting that it may be a risk factor for eating disorders, according to the study published online recently in the Journal of Child Psychology and Psychiatry.Children with more autism traits at age 7 were 24% more likely to have weekly signs of disordered eating at age 14. However, eating disorders at age 14 did not appear to increase autism traits by age 16, the investigators found."The next step is to learn more about why those with autistic traits have a higher risk of developing an eating disorder so we can then design interventions to prevent eating disorders," said study co-author William Mandy. He's a senior lecturer in health education and psychology at University College London (UCL)."Around a fifth of women presenting with anorexia nervosa have high levels of autistic traits -- and there is some evidence that these women benefit the least from current eating disorder treatment models. People with autism and eating disorders may need a different approach towards treatment," Mandy said in a university news release.Senior study author Glyn Lewis, a professor of epidemiological psychology at UCL, said parents and caregivers of children with autism should be aware of the risks. "Being alert to eating disordered behaviors and seeking help early could be helpful," Lewis noted.The U.S. National Institute of Mental Health has more on eating disorders.SOURCE: University College London, news release, May 12, 2020Helping Your Teen Manage AsthmaAutism QuizEating Disorders QuizAn Eating Disorder's Legacy: Stopping the Cycle Ethics, Law, Politics“we had no alternative except to prepare for direct action, whereby we would present our very bodies as a means of laying our case before the conscience of the local and national community” (Martin Luther King)Is it okay for a Christian to break the law? On the one hand, the Bible tells us to to obey governing authorities (1 Peter 2; Romans 13). On the other hand, there are examples of apparent justified law-breaking (Esther 4; Daniel 1, 3, 6; Acts 5:29).Occasionally, Christians are obliged to break the law. When the law asks us to perform acts contrary to the explicit command of God, we are obliged to obey God. For example, Christians are obliged to disobey any prescription to refrain from worship of God. We are also obligated to explain the gospel to people (sometimes this gets us arrested). According to Martin Luther King, Christians ought to disobey unjust laws such as segregation laws:“There are two types of laws: just and unjust. I would be the first to advocate obeying just laws. One has not only a legal but a moral responsibility to obey just laws. Conversely, one has a moral responsibility to disobey unjust laws. I would agree with St. Augustine that ‘an unjust law is no law at all.’”King appealed to a universal natural law to make his case. Just laws are only laws that are in accord with the moral law of God: “A just law is a man made code that squares with the moral law of the law of God. An unjust law is a code that is out of harmony with the moral law.”According to King, breaking of unjust laws can be morally permissible (obviously not legally permissible) only if the person does it (i) “openly, (ii) lovingly, and (iii) with a willingness to accept the penalty.” MLK appeals to the case of Shadrach, Meshach, and Abednego who broke the unjust law to bow to Nebuchadnezzar. He also cites cases of Martyrs under Roman persecution, Socrates in Athens, the Boston Tea Party, those who hid Jewish people in Hitler’s Germany, and disobedience in communist countries.The purpose of direct action is “to create such a crisis and foster such a tension that community which has constantly refused to negotiate is forced to confront the issue. It seeks to dramatize the issue that it can no longer be ignored.” In the same way Socrates created tension to lead people to a higher state of knowledge, direct action creates tension sufficient for removing racism. The outcome should be negotiation.In Ethics for a Brave New World (p.724-732), John Feinberg and Paul Feinberg, Christians only have a moral obligation to disobey the law when the law asks them to perform an act contrary to the revealed will of God. If you cannot obey both God’s command and a human law, then the Christian must obey God’s law. Since the Christian is under an obligation to obey God, she is obligated to disobey the human authority when it is in direct conflict with God’s commands.But what should Christians do when there is a law that permits immoral actions but does not command them to act against God’s commands. Christians are often opposed to laws which permit certain immoral actions to take place in society. In most cases, Christians do not seek legislation to restrict immoral activities (nor do they think they ought to). But in other cases, Christians seek legislation to prohibit immoral actions. For example, abortion and infanticide are clearly against the command of God. They are also the kinds of actions against which there ought to be laws. Yet abortion legally permitted and it appears that some think infanticide is not wrong. In these cases, Christians are not obliged to disobey any laws and they should not break good laws in order to protest bad ones. Damaging property or murdering people to protest abortion laws is not right. Instead, protests that do not break good laws are permitted. This is what we have been doing up to now.However, the recent legislation passed in New York and the United States’ Senate’s refusal to pass the Born-Alive Abortion Survivors Protection Act has led many to wonder if we can do more than march and argue. But since there is no law to break, there is no way to raise the issue beyond persuasion and demonstration.One suggestion that may gain traction is state disobedience. A pro-life state could defy a federal or court ruling against one of its laws. If a state legislature passed an outright ban on abortions, then the federal government would step in and overturn it. The courts would rule against it. The state could defy all of these rulings thus setting up a form of disobedience. Presently, some states defy federal law on marijuana, immigration policy, and a host of other issues. However, attempts to restrict abortion in states have been successfully blocked in court. My question is: might we ask a state to hold the line – to defy the court’s order? It might cost every official his/her job. It may require that state to take the brunt of economic and media sanctions. Who knows? But it might also do what King did through his civil disobedience – it may result in justice.What do you think? Are there good reasons not to advocate for this?If Rights, Then God.Hard Work Does Not Always PayOn Desire Discover the certificationCertified websitesAbout Health On The NetThe Health On the Net Foundation (HON) was born in May 1996, during the beginning of the World Wide Web, from a collective decision by health specialists, guided by the late Professor Jean-Raoul Scherrer, and under the impetus of former Geneva State Councilor Guy-Olivier Segond.Because the Internet is a free space that everyone shares, a search for quality information is like a shot in the dark: neither will reliably hit their target. Health On the Net Foundation's origins go back to the September 1995 meeting on the Use of the Internet and World-Wide Web for Telematics in Healthcare, when some of the world's foremost experts on telemedicine gathered in Geneva, Switzerland. The visionary experts who created HON anticipated the need for trustworthy health information online.Thus, HON was created to promote the deployment of useful and reliable health information online and to enable its appropriate and efficient use. Two decades on, the HONcode is the oldest and most valued quality marker for online health information. It is a pragmatic solution that has been adopted by more than 8,000 websites. HON is a not-for-profit international foundation and non-governmental organization.At HON, we work to develop realistic and applicable solutions related to our mission: “to promote the effective and reliable use of the new technologies for telemedicine in healthcare around the world.” Over the past two decades, we have identified two main challenges for which we develop schemes, conduct research activities to use on pragmatic and concrete services, and collaborate with other entities on multiple projects:how to discern reliable health content;how to provide access to trustworthy resources.HON has been granted consultative status with the Economic and Social Council of the United Nations (ECOSOC). This status facilitates relations with United Nations bodies, including special relations with the World Health Organization (WHO), and reinforces our consultative role with government ministries in several countries where HON has contacts.HON also holds the status of “Liaison A” to the Health Informatics Technical Committee (ISO/TC 215) of the International Organization for Standardization (ISO). This status allows us to contribute to the elaboration of standards developed by ISO/TC 215, particularly in the domains of data structure, semantic content and security.HON's StructureLinks to toolsHON and your dataYour rights on your dataAuthor : Team HONLast Reviewed : March 2020© 2020 Health On the Net - Non-Gouvernemental Organisation (NGO) - HON is a non-State actor in official relations with the World Health Organisation (WHO) Tag: MercuryJohn Glenn, The Club of Firsts and The Empty ChairThe passing of John Glenn on December 8th, 2016, signified the end of an era in American spaceflight in more ways than one. The loss of Glenn marked not only the death of the first American to orbit the Earth, but also the last of the famed “Mercury 7” group of test pilots who formed […]Posted in: NASAGlobal Topographic Map of MercuryJust in time for yesterday’s transit of innermost planet Mercury across the face of the sun, NASA released the first global elevation model of the sun scorched world, courtesy of the MESSENGER spacecraft. While Mercury is hardly at the top of anyone’s list of habitable planets, it is at least worth recalling that among its […]Dragon Returns Safely (Again), Time to Speed Up Commercial Crew?For what is now the fourth time, a Space Exploration Technologies Dragon spacecraft has successfully returned from Earth orbit to a well executed landing in the Pacific ocean. Following its release from the International Space Station, which took place in the early morning hours, the SpaceX CRS-2 Dragon performed three inital burns, followed by a sustained 10 minute de-oribit burn […]Posted in: COTS/Commercial Crew, NASA, SpaceXA Planet of Fire and (Ice?)At first glance, the solar system’s innermost planet generally conjures up images of a blistering hot, sun-baked ball of rock which would be one of the last places one would expect to find water ice. That was considered to be the case until 1991, when the Arecibo radar telescope in Puerto Rico, as well as NASA’s Goldstone/VLA detected reflections from Mercury which appeared to indicate the presence of water ice […] Health and Safety Performance on Construction Sites in RwandaTukesiga, PiusIn Rwanda, the system of occupational health and safety (OSH) practice in the construction industry is ineffective, rendering the OSH performance of the industry poor. However, this issue is not limited to Rwanda. Construction works are considered risky, with regular and high accident rates and ill-health problems for workers, practitioners, and end users. Health and safety issues have always been a significant problem and concern in the construction industry. Workers are exposed to occupational diseases and injuries hazards and the adverse effects of excessively long work hours. Machines, plants and other sophisticated construction equipment pose a danger to the operators, who in most cases do not have prior skills for operating such machines or plants. The number of occupational injuries in the construction industry in Rwanda is high and has kept increasing despite the existing structures there; for safety and health management on construction sites. From this perspective, this study aimed to investigate the health and safety performance of construction projects in Rwanda. An overview of published research and legislation was undertaken. In order to meet the objectives of the study, questionnaires were designed and distributed to potential construction industry players. Structured interviews were carried out with selected government officials in charge of occupational health and safety and construction experts from a selection of large to medium construction sites. After analysis of the results, the study recommends the provision and use of PPE for all workers and, at all times, the launch of education campaigns to arouse awareness among all management and construction workers and more diligent OSH precautions by site staff and provisions at the corporate level. Additionally, adequate staffing of the OSH department and formulation of a more effective OSH framework (of policies, laws, and institutions) at the national level should create a more enabling environment for high OSH performance in the construction industry of Rwanda. This study aimed to bring about awareness of the risks faced by construction workers in Rwanda. The study also provided practical information which will facilitate all the construction stakeholders in enhancing safety on the construction sites.Master of Science in Construction Project ManagementName: PIUS TUKESIGA - ... Mr. Henry Lee Bryant - Age 61 of Fort Lauderdale, Florida passed away on July 14, 2021No funeral service Live Review: Yeah Yeah Yeahs, Murs; Lincoln’s Once a Pawn…Category: Blog — @ 12:26 pm April 19, 2006I’ve never parked so far away for a Sokol show — a block north of Bam’s near the church, maybe a 1/4 mile from the venue. What’s the deal? I’ve always parked closer, even for sold-out shows. I don’t know if last night’s Yeah Yeah Yeahs Yeahs show was a sell out or not, but I’ve never seen it so packed in the auditorium before. I got there at 10, just in time for the Yeahs’ set. On the back of the stage hung a huge Show Your Bones scrim, red and black like a giant flag representing the United States of Yeahs. With no fanfare at all, on walked the band, including a fourth guy who played acoustic guitar, keyboards and, on one song, bass! So here were the Yeahs with added fire power, and despite that, they sounded less epic than they did when I saw them as a trio two years ago, back when the show was literally a showcase for Nick Zinner’s blowtorch guitarwork. Maybe it was the fact that I was sandwiched in the very back of the hall, but Zinner’s guitar sounded buried in the mix, tucked away somewhere beneath Karen O’s vocals and the rest of the cacophony. Overall, a lackluster show. I blame their new record, which is less inventive and interesting than Fever to Tell (or maybe I’m just getting too familiar with the formula). With Nick in the background, O’s theatrical prancing took center stage. Dressed in a red-and-black jumper and wearing one glittering glove on her right hand, she looked and sounded like a cross between a bobbed Chrissie Hynde and a modern-day Wicked Witch of the West. I never heard her once address the audience, instead blowing through the set of new songs non-stop. The crowd didn’t seem to care, though. They were too busy doing a modified pogo and flashing devil horns. After 45 minutes, I figured I’d seen enough and high-tailed it down to the Underground. I’m told that shortly after I left the band kicked off a three-song encore that included the night’s best performance.Meanwhile, downstairs, a hip-hop show was in high gear. Here’s where anyone with even a surface knowledge of the genre can click away to some other blog or news as you’ll find nothing valuable in my comments (just make sure you come back in a sec and read about Once a Pawn, below). I don’t know the name of the crew on stage who were opening for Murs, but they weren’t bad. They featured three MCs and a turntable guy who pumped out dense but rather minimal beats beneath their rapping. Before their last number, they passed on a story about running into Conor Oberst at a party in Atlanta. “And like all emo parties, there was only one hot girl there,” the MC said. Just as he was about to swoop down on his prey, Oberst walked up to her and leaned against the wall, blocking his approach. He shoots, he scores! “It was tight,” added another MC, while the lone white MC said, “We still like his music.” Murs joined them for their last song, and it was like turning on switch to a power grid. Night and day. The first crew walked off and Murs stayed up there and tore into his set. Compared to the last crew, he was magnetic, pouncing on an audience that looked 10 times as punk as the crowd that was standing around listening to the Yeahs above them.End of review. Intro to this week’s feature: Without a band story assignment, Reader editor Andy Norman called me last week and asked if I could do a little sumpthin’ on Once a Pawn, whom I’d never heard of. I’m glad he did. I listened to the Lincoln trio’s tunes on Myspace and made some calls. Read the results here and check them out at Scenefest this weekend. The fourth annual event seems a bit throttled back from years past, but is still an impressive showcase of Lincoln talent, all at Duffy’s this time. There are many ways to manage a business. Always take a smart way that can give you great success in a limited period. I suggest you to welcome to the digital world and consider the internet business. It is the best approach to start a new business anytime, anywhere.Being an internet marketer you can earn millions of dollar right from sitting from the comfort of your sofa and through clicking your laptop.No Fixed Pay:There are many benefits of being an online marketer. No matter whether your business is big or small, but you will be called the owner of your business. You do not have to work for a fixed pay. Many people do not like their bosses, but they have to spend long hours with them, while here you have the option to work with the people of your choice.Better Lifestyle:Another thing is that you will have better control over your life. The idea of online business will not restrict you to lead a flexible lifestyle. You can pick your working hours as per you wish. In this segment, you can earn as much you want. There is no fixed income earning. The Sky is a limit for the deserving and dedicated marketer.Huge Success:To get success is not always about how skilled you are. It is all about your desire and passion. It shows how badly you need something. Right desire matters a lot to get succeed in anything. Trust me, thousands of affiliate marketers are making millions of dollars online in a very short span of time. It is a smart way of earning money today. So if you are comfortable with this new career option then, there should not be any hesitation in quitting your old irritating job.So what are you waiting for now! Try your luck by promoting yourself as an internet business owner. Take your first step in the field of online marketing. Go through the studies and investigations. Gather some information on the niche before jumping into it.Renovate your single-family houses in London Over the years, a considerable number of Geoff Taylor's original art have become lost. Not only does this include the original art, but the transparencies used by publishers, in the printing of the covers.Geoff would appreciate help to track down the "lost" originals, or to locate transparencies of the images for his archives. He is not interested in permanent recovery of the art, but would like the opportunity to be able to scan the painting, so it may once again be used. In return, Geoff would sign the painting and return it to its current keeper.If you are able to help, please Contact Us, quoting the reference above the image.Ref: 51 Becker Veterinary ClinicPetsVeterinarians1211 E. Platt St. Maquoketa IA 52060Monday - Friday 8:00 a.m. to 5:00 p.m. / Saturday 8:00 a.m. - 12:00 p.m.LOCATED ON EAST PLATT STREET BY OHNWARD FINE ARTS CENTERServing all creatures Great and SmallKhristian Becker COMMONWEALTH vs. REYNALDO ALCEDO JIMINEZ (and five companion cases [Note 1]).November 13, 1985 - May 30, 1986Present: GRANT, KAPLAN, & SMITH, JJ.A police officer's action in positioning his cruiser so as to follow a short distance behind an automobile to observe its operation, which resulted in his observation that the validation sticker on the vehicle's license plate had expired, could not properly be characterized as pursuit and did not encroach upon any privacy interest of the occupants of the vehicle. [289-290]A police officer who concededly had probable cause to search an automobile for weapons was entitled to extend his warrantless search to the trunk of the car after finding a firearm and contraband in the passenger compartment. [290-291]At a criminal trial there was no error in the judge's questioning of two police witnesses for the purpose of clarifying matters relative to the admission of certain evidence, where neither officer was a witness to the crimes for which the defendant was on trial, where the testimony elicited was technical in nature, and where the judge instructed the jury to attach no significance to the fact that he had asked the questions. [291-293]A judge did not abuse his discretion in discharging one of the jurors after the close of the evidence at a criminal trial so that she could attend an employment interview, and in substituting an alternate juror before deliberations had commenced. [293-295]Any weakness in the chain of custody of a firearm admitted in evidence at a criminal trial affected the weight rather than the admissibility of that evidence. [295]Evidence at a criminal trial was sufficient to establish beyond a reasonable doubt that the length of the barrel of a firearm was less than eighteen inches, where the weapon itself was placed in evidence and where two police witnesses described it as a "sawed-off shotgun." [295]There was no merit to a defendant's contention that he was entitled to a required finding of not guilty on a criminal charge because a statutory citation in the indictment was typed incorrectly. [295-296]INDICTMENTS found and returned in the Superior Court Department on September 28, 1983.A pretrial motion to suppress evidence was heard by Robert J. Hallisey, J., and the cases were tried before Elbert Tuttle, J.Richard P. Desjardins for Jorge Mayans.Antone B. Cruz, Jr., for Reynaldo Alcedo Jiminez.Dana A. Curhan, Assistant District Attorney, for the Commonwealth.SMITH, J. The defendants, Reynaldo Alcedo Jiminez and Jorge Mayans, were indicted for (1) unlawfully carrying a firearm (a nine millimeter "Mac 10" weapon), (2) unlawful possession of an altered firearm (a sawed-off shotgun), and (3) unlawful possession of cocaine, with intent to distribute, said cocaine being in excess of 200 grams. Both defendants were convicted on all three indictments following a jury trial. On appeal, they allege several errors which they claim require reversal of their convictions.1. Denial of suppression motions. Prior to trial, both defendants filed motions to suppress certain evidence that had been seized by the police as a result of a warrantless search of their automobile. After a hearing, a Superior Court judge denied their motions and filed a memorandum that contained his findings of fact. Those findings of fact are "binding in the absence of clear error . . . and [we] view with particular respect the conclusions of law which are based on them." Commonwealth v. Correia, 381 Mass. 65, 76 (1980). While the judge's ultimate findings of fact and rulings of law, as they bear on issues of constitutional dimension, are open for reexamination by this court, such ultimate findings are "entitled to substantial deference by this court." Commonwealth v. Bookman, 386 Mass. 657, 661 n.6 (1982). "Questions of credibility are, of course, for the . . . judge to resolve. Commonwealth v. Meehan, 377 Mass. 552, 557 (1979)." Commonwealth v. Bottari, 395 Mass. 777, 780 (1985). We now summarize the judge's findings of fact.On September 14, 1983, at 1:30 A.M., Trooper Richard Whitehead was on routine patrol and driving south in a marked cruiser on Route 95 in North Attleborough. He turned off the highway at an exit and then drove onto the ramp leading to Route 95 north. At that point, he observed a late model Oldsmobile travelling north on Route 95 within the speed limit. He noticed that the automobile had its high beam headlights on. Another automobile was following it. Trooper Whitehead paced his cruiser so that both automobiles passed him before he entered the highway from the ramp.The trooper observed that after the second automobile passed the Oldsmobile, the driver of the latter automobile did not lower the high beams. Thereupon, he closed the distance between his cruiser and the Oldsmobile to within two car lengths. From that distance, he observed that the validation sticker affixed to the license plate had expired at the end of August of 1983. At that point, he put on the dome lights and high beams of his cruiser and signaled the Oldsmobile to stop. He did not inform his headquarters that he had stopped a vehicle.Trooper Whitehead got out of the cruiser and walked toward the Oldsmobile. He noticed that there were two males in the automobile. The driver of the Oldsmobile, subsequently identified as Jorge Mayans, stepped out of the automobile. He put his hands in the air, head high, palms forward, in a position commonly thought of as one of surrender. He started to walk toward Trooper Whitehead. This unusual behavior aroused the trooper's concern. He ordered Mayans to get back in his automobile three times, but Mayans failed to do so. Mayans then stated that he did not have a license and that he was driving because the passenger was ill.The trooper then escorted Mayans to the passenger door of the automobile. As he did so, he saw the passenger, who was still in the automobile, and was later identified as Reynaldo Alcedo Jiminez, reach down very quickly toward the bottom of the passenger seat. Trooper Whitehead ordered Jiminez out of the automobile and asked him for some identification. Jiminez gave him a Florida license in the name of Alcedo. The license appeared to be in order. The trooper asked Jiminezabout the ownership of the automobile. He replied that it was a rental automobile and showed the rental agreement to Whitehead. The trooper noted that the agreement was in the name of one Castillo, not Alcedo. He asked Jiminez for some explanation and was informed that Castillo was a member of the family.At this point, the trooper asked Jiminez why he had ducked down quickly while sitting in the passenger seat. Up to the time the trooper asked that question, Jiminez had been very courteous and polite. However, upon hearing this question, his expression changed and he appeared shaken, grim, and anxious. He looked at Mayans and did not answer the question. Officer Whitehead then became concerned about his own safety. He ordered the two men to walk forward to the front of their automobile, where he had them stand in front of the headlights. The trooper then positioned himself behind the passenger door. He swept his hand under the front passenger seat, where he discovered a loaded nine millimeter Mac 10 semi-automatic weapon. Trooper Whitehead asked the men if either had a license for the gun. Jiminez responded, saying that he had a Florida license but not with him. The trooper then told the men that they were under arrest. He ordered the two men to lie on the ground, which they did after the order was repeated several times.Trooper Whitehead went back to his cruiser and radioed for assistance. Two police officers from North Attleborough arrived and, shortly thereafter, a State police cruiser. After the two defendants were placed in the cruiser, Trooper Whitehead continued the search of the defendants' automobile. Over the visor on the passenger side, he found a foil packet with a white powdery substance inside, which was later determined to be cocaine. Trooper Whitehead then removed the keys from the ignition and opened the trunk. He found a loaded sawed-off shotgun. Next to the shotgun was a brown paper bag with two parcels inside. Both parcels, it was later determined, contained cocaine.a. The "pursuit" of the defendants' automobile by the police. The defendants claim that Trooper Whitehead "pursued" their automobile without legal justification before he observed thatthe validation sticker on the license plate had expired and, therefore, they contend that their rights under the Fourth Amendment to the United States Constitution were violated.Prior to the time that he signaled the driver of the defendants' automobile to stop, Trooper Whitehead's actions could not be characterized as a "pursuit." After he first saw the automobile, the trooper simply positioned his cruiser a short distance behind the defendants' automobile in order to observe its operation. At that point he did not attempt to stop it, nor was he pursuing it "to effect a stop." Commonwealth v. Thibeau, 384 Mass. 762, 764 (1981). The following of an automobile by the police did not "clash[ ] with individual rights [of the defendants]." Commonwealth v. Wooden, 13 Mass. App. Ct. 417, 419 (1982). In addition, we note that Trooper Whitehead and the defendants were travelling on a public highway at the time the cruiser was following the defendants' automobile. Surveillance of an automobile by a police officer does not encroach upon the privacy interests of the occupants where, as here, the officer makes his observations from a place where he is legally entitled to be. See Commonwealth v. Oreto, 20 Mass. App. Ct. 581, 584-586 (1985).b. Search of the automobile trunk. Neither defendant challenges the judge's decision upholding the warrantless search of the passenger compartment. Mayans argues, however, that the extension of that search into the trunk was illegal because it was not justified by probable cause or exigent circumstances.Over sixty years ago the Supreme Court established an automobile exception to the warrant requirement when it held that a warrantless search of an automobile by a police officer who has "reasonable or probable cause for believing that the automobile which he stops . . . has contraband . . . therein" does not violate the Fourth Amendment. Carroll v. United States, 267 U.S. 132, 156 (1925). More recently, the Court upheld the warrantless search of an automobile trunk. United States v. Ross, 456 U.S. 798 (1982). In Ross the Court held that "[i]f probable cause justifies the search of a lawfully stopped vehicle, it justifies the search of every part of the vehicle and its contents that may conceal the object of thesearch" (emphasis supplied). United States v. Ross, supra at 825. See Commonwealth v. King, 389 Mass. 233, 247 (1983). Here, Mayans concedes that the police had probable cause to search the automobile for weapons. Once a firearm and contraband had been found in the passenger compartment the police were justified in searching the trunk, "the trunk clearly being a `part of the vehicle' capable of concealing `the object of the search,' [i.e. drugs or weapons]." [Note 2] United States v. Rickus, 737 F.2d 360, 367 (3d Cir. 1984), quoting from Ross at 825. [Note 3]2. The questioning of Commonwealth witnesses by the judge. As part of its case against the defendants, the Commonwealth introduced firearm certificates (G. L. c. 140, Section 121A) and drug analysis certificates (G. L. c. 147, Section 4D). To lay the foundation for introduction of these certificates the Commonwealth called two police officers as witnesses. During the course of their respective examinations the judge asked several questions of each officer. The defendants contend that in questioning these witnesses, the judge abdicated his role as an impartial arbiter and assumed the mantle of the prosecutor, thereby depriving them of a fair trial. We rule, however, that there was no error.The first police officer, in answer to the prosecutor's questions, testified that he delivered the firearms found in the defendants' automobile to the ballistics laboratory in Boston. When the Commonwealth moved for admission in evidence ofthe related firearm certificates, however, the judge refused to admit them, ruling that the Commonwealth was also required to establish when the witness retrieved the weapons from the laboratory in Boston. [Note 4] The judge then proceeded to ask the witness a half dozen questions regarding the date when the witness retrieved the weapons from the laboratory. The answers were apparently satisfactory, because the firearm certificates were subsequently allowed in evidence.The second police officer who was the subject of judicial questioning testified, in response to questions from the prosecutor, that he had taken three packages containing a white powdery substance to the laboratory in Boston for analysis. When the Commonwealth moved to admit in evidence the three corresponding certificates of analysis, the judge sustained the defendants' objections to their admission on the ground that the certificates had not been linked to the packages submitted for analysis. The prosecution then asked the witness for the laboratory number assigned to the three packages. At that point, the judge took over the questioning of the witness. He asked the witness several questions about the laboratory number and eventually admitted the drug analysis certificates. [Note 5]A trial judge is the "`guiding spirit and the controlling mind at a trial.'" Commonwealth v. Dias, 373 Mass. 412, 416 (1977). As such, he "may properly question a witness, even where to do so may strengthen the Commonwealth's case, so long as the examination is not partisan in nature, biased, or a display of belief in the defendant's guilt." Ibid. Furthermore,he may "ask questions to clarify a point, to prevent perjury, or to develop trustworthy testimony." Commonwealth v. Fitzgerald, 380 Mass. 840, 847 (1980). A trial judge, of course, should use his "power to ask questions with restraint". Ibid.The questioning of the witnesses in this case was not partisan, nor did it convey to the jury the impression that the judge believed the defendants were guilty. Neither police officer questioned by the judge was a witness to the crime, and their testimony was technical in nature. The judge's questioning was obviously intended to clarify certain points relative to the introduction of the certificates in evidence. Moreover, the judge told the jury not to attach any significance to the fact that he asked the questions. [Note 6] "We are not unmindful of the observation of Francis Bacon on the `overspeaking judge' and we have not favored except in extenuating circumstances the takeover of questioning by a judge during the course of trial." Commonwealth v. Campbell, 371 Mass. 40, 45 (1976). However, in the circumstances presented here, there was no error.3. Discharge of empanelled juror. After the close of the evidence and prior to the commencement of deliberations, one of the empanelled jurors requested to be excused from further service. The judge held a hearing in open court, outside the presence of the jury panel. The juror stated that she was presently employed but had just learned of a job opportunity at another company. She called that company for a job interview but was forced to accept an appointment which conflicted with the next scheduled court day. In response to a question from the judge, she stated that she could call the company and attemptto postpone the interview but was unsure whether the job would be left open for her. She also stated that the job interview was important to her. At the conclusion of the hearing, the judge discharged the juror, over the objections of defense counsel. [Note 7] They claim that the judge abused his discretion in dismissing the juror.There do not appear to be any cases that deal with the procedure involving the discharge of an empanelled juror prior to the commencement of deliberations. [Note 8] However, cases that are concerned with the interpretation of a statute that permits a discharge of a deliberating juror form a useful background for our analysis. Commonwealth v. Haywood, 377 Mass. 755, 765-770 (1979). Commonwealth v. Webster, 391 Mass. 271, 275-276 (1984). Commonwealth v. Connor, 392 Mass. 838, 842-847 (1984).General Laws c. 234, Section 26B, as amended through St. 1979, c. 344, Section 9A, provides for substitution of an alternate juror if a deliberating juror "dies, or becomes ill, or is unable to perform his duty for any other good cause shown to the court." Those occasions mentioned in the statute are precisely the same circumstances that would permit the discharge of an empanelled juror prior to the commencement of deliberations. State v. Trent, 157 N.J. Super. 231, 239 (1978), rev'd on other grounds, 79 N.J. 251 (1979), cited in Commonwealth v. Connor, 392 Mass. 838, 845 n.4 (1984). The Commonwealth contends that the juror was discharged for "good cause". It has been held that "good cause," as it appears in Section 26B, "includes only reasons personal to a juror, having nothing whatsoever to do with the issues of the case or with the juror's relationship with his fellow jurors." Commonwealth v. Connor, supra at 844-845. Here, that standard was met, as the juror wasdischarged because of a personal situation, not connected to her relationship with her fellow jurors or her views on the case. We recognize that not every personal situation will justify the dismissal of an empanelled juror prior to deliberations (see note 8, supra). However, in this case the job interview was important to the juror. A continuation of her jury service might well have resulted in a hardship in light of a possible loss of a job opportunity. In the circumstances, the judge did not abuse his discretion in discharging the juror prior to deliberations.4. Other issues. The other issues raised by the defendants are without merit and do not warrant extended discussion.a. The judge's decision to admit in evidence the firearm discovered underneath the passenger seat was not error. It was authenticated by Trooper Whitehead, and there was adequate evidence of the chain of custody. Any weaknesses in the chain affected the weight rather than the admissibility of that evidence. Commonwealth v. Berth, 385 Mass. 784, 791 (1982).b. Jiminez's motion for a required finding of not guilty on the charge of unlawful possession of a sawed-off shotgun on the ground that no evidence was introduced as to the length of the barrel was properly denied. There was ample evidence in regard to the barrel. The firearm itself was placed in evidence. The jury could readily observe that its barrel was several inches less than eighteen inches. Two police officers described the firearm as a "sawed-off shotgun." See Commonwealth v. Sperrazza, 372 Mass. 667, 670 (1977) (testimony that weapon in question was a "revolver" or a "handgun" held sufficient to support the conclusion that the barrel was less than sixteen inches, as revolvers or handguns are ordinarily short firearms). In sum, the evidence was sufficient to establish beyond a reasonable doubt that the length of the barrel was less than eighteen inches.c. The citation to the statute under which Mayans was charged with unlawful possession of a sawed-off shotgun was typed incorrectly. [Note 9] Mayans filed a motion for a required finding ofnot guilty based on the defect. His motion was denied by the judge.The body of the indictment listed the date and location of the alleged crime. It correctly stated the nature of the crime with which the defendant was charged. The description satisfied art. 12 of the Declaration of Rights of the Massachusetts Constitution and Mass.R.Crim.P. 4(a), 378 Mass. 849 (1979). Moreover, Mayans does not even claim that he was prejudiced by the defect. His contention that the judge erred borders on the frivolous.d. Mayans' contention that G. L. c. 94C, Section 32E(b)(3), as appearing in St. 1982, c. 650, Section 11, is unconstitutionally vague was rejected in Commonwealth v. Maracic, 18 Mass. App. Ct. 722 (1984).Judgments affirmed.[Note 1] Two of the companion cases are against Jiminez and three are against Jorge Mayans.[Note 2] Mayans relies on Commonwealth v. Ford, 394 Mass. 421 (1985), for his argument that the search of the trunk was unreasonable. In Ford, a police officer opened the trunk of an impounded automobile for the purpose of securing certain personal property. He saw a rifle in the trunk and seized it. The court held that the warrantless search was unreasonable because the storage search was not conducted pursuant to standard police procedures. In addition, the court noted that "there was neither probable cause to search nor any special circumstances, such as an emergency, to justify a warrantless search without probable cause." Commonwealth v. Ford, 394 Mass. 421, 427 n.4 (1985). In the instant case, there was probable cause to search the automobile.[Note 3] United States v. Rickus, supra, also illustrates the wide variety of materials that some defendants have been found to have carried in the trunks of their automobiles. In that case the police found a .22 caliber semi-automatic pistol and a mask of Leonid Brezhnev.[Note 4] The correctness of that ruling is not before us.[Note 5] It was not until well after the judge questioned the second witness that the defendants objected to the judicial questioning and requested a mistrial. The objection and the request were not timely. "While we understand the natural reluctance of trial counsel to object to questions . . . coming from a judge, sometimes trial counsel's duty to protect his client's rights requires him to object, preferably at the bench out of the jury's hearing." Commonwealth v. Fitzgerald, 380 Mass. 840, 846 (1980). An examination of this record does not show that counsel for either defendant was reluctant to object to any action by the judge. Therefore, as there was no justification for the defendants' failures to make timely objection, we examine their contentions under the "substantial likelihood of a miscarriage of justice" standard. Commonwealth v. Freeman, 352 Mass. 556, 563-564 (1967).[Note 6] During the course of his remarks to the jury the judge told them not to "draw any inferences from anything that I may ask in the questioning. I'm known as a judicial interferer, the lawyers don't like it sometimes, but I stick my nose in and ask questions and they may not like my asking questions." Counsel for the defendants have seized on the phrase "judicial interferer" and argue that it supports their argument that the judge improperly interfered with the trial.As we have noted in the body of the opinion, the judge's intervention in the case by asking questions was not error. The fact that the judge stated to the jury that he is known, apparently by some lawyers, as a "judicial interferer" did not turn his intervention into an example of judicial interference.[Note 7] Because alternate jurors had been empanelled, the verdicts against the defendants were returned by a twelve person jury.[Note 8] The matter is now covered in G. L. c. 234A, Section 39, as amended by St. 1984, c. 189, Section 158, which provides in part: "The court shall have authority to excuse and discharge an impanelled juror prior to jury deliberations after a hearing upon a finding of extreme hardship." That statute did not apply to jury trials in Bristol County at the time of the judge's action.[Note 9] The indictment refers to G. L. c. 269, Section 10C, rather than G. L. c. 269, Section 10(c). The miscitation is repeated on the front of the indictment. MOIS History and AchievementsMOIS HistoryMadinat Al-Oloum International School is a K-12 international educational institution that reflects the diverse cultural and demographic community of the city of Riyadh in the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia. The students and the teaching and administrative staff are a mixture of more than 10 nationalities from all over the world.Madinat Al-Oloum is an Arabic term which means “The Science City”. The name of the school was conceived in a vision of creating an educational institution that promotes science and technology in the modern world guided by the teachings of the Islamic religion.The school is located along King Abdullah Road near King Abdullah Palace. It was founded in 2009 with an initial enrollment of 313 students and with a total of 43 teachers and administrative staff. By now, the enrollment has increased to more than a thousand (1110 as of the academic school year 2016-2017), and as a result, the total number of teachers and administrative staff has also increased to more than two hundred (219 as of the academic year 2016-2017). This change in the number of enrollees made the school to establish another branch to house nursery, kindergarten, and grades 1 to 3 classes. At present, the school has three buildings, two are in Marwa Street along King Abdullah Road where the grades 4 to 12 girls’ and boys’ sections are located, and the other is in Jareer Street where KG and grades 1 to 3 for both boys and girls are located.To achieve the school beliefs and aims, and to meet the school expectations and the need for modern education in the changing times, the school was established with programs that follow an American curriculum and that is based on the Common Core State Standards.On September 30, 2010, the school received its first recognition and accreditation from the North-West Accreditation Commission which later on became a part of the AdvancED Accreditation Commission in April of 2012.Aiming to meet the school vision and mission, the school did its best to increase the school’s strength every year. Throughout its history, Madinat Al-Oloum Intenational School has maintained a commitment to providing the highest caliber of artistic, scientific, religious, cultural, and educational experience to all students including the skilled, the talented or the gifted students, and the academically struggling students as well.Madinat Al-Oloum International School (MOIS) offers kindergarten to high school programs (K-12) that are based on the Common Core State Standards followed by American international schools. MOIS focuses on integrating programs based on American curricula and educational practices that enrich the Arab heritage and reflect the Islamic culture.Upon its founding, the school board aims to establish MOIS as an American international school where students are well-educated with high morals and good manners with special emphasis on Islamic values.MOIS prepares students for American standardized tests like the SAT and Subject SAT which would qualify them to get the American Diploma that will enable them to join most Arab and international universities according to their GPA and scores. Moreover, the school also offers IELTS course sessions specifically to grade 12 students because of the fact that most international universities require this standardized test in admitting students whose first language is not English.MOIS also prepares students to respond to the future challenges of their college education; hence, the school requires students to prepare projects as final requirements for graduation. The computer department for instance required all graduating students to submit projects using vb.net or visual basic application for programming. Among these projects are (1) SAT Tansik Calculator, (2) A program that provides profiles for each member of the school including the students and the staff, and (3) Developing Windows application to help senior students choose a university.As future leaders, the students are also required to join community services. Such services include hygiene and sanitation, helping the poor in the streets of Riyadh, and assisting and serving the entire community of the school such as the school library, the school laboratory, and the school staff rooms among others.To meet the school aims and to strengthen all the aspects of the school, the administration created various committees headed by competent staff members. These committees are for curriculum development, integration, skills development, technology development, Islamic awareness, maintenance and hygiene, communication, policies and assessment, and feedback and performance diagnostics among others. The school collaborates these school aims and efforts to stakeholders by establishing the Parents’ Council and the Students’ Council to make all school stakeholders be aware of all these recent developments, and to make parents and students one of the main contributors of the school’s development.As one of the finest international schools of the city of Riyadh, the school always finds ways to inculcate among students the school vision – “Learn Today, Lead Tomorrow”. This vision is reflective of the school mission in creating well-prepared individuals cognitively and behaviorally while focusing on developing their psychomotor skills. Guided by the school’s vision and mission, the teachers and the staff in collaboration with the parents and the community, all work hand-in-hand to make sure that all students become successful not only in the school, but in their lives as a whole.MOIS Achievements(For 2016-2017 till February 2017)From: MOIS AdministrationTo: All StakeholdersBased on the previous students’ results diagnostics, stakeholders’ survey results analysis, and assessment of different school activities and practices, MOIS has created an improvement plan to improve the school’s performance in different aspects. Though the improvement plan is still ongoing, it is important to communicate our school’s achievements with all of the school’s stakeholders, as partners in the education process.Based on what are mentioned above, we have listed below the school achievements since the establishment of the school till February of 2017, focusing on the major achievements that would lead to noticeable changes and development. We are hoping that they meet your expectations.General Achievements1- Opening a new branch of the school in Jareer Street for grade levels K to 3. The new building is suitable for the learning needs of these grade levels.2- Providing a suitable learning environment for students such as suitable classrooms based on modern standards and conditions, and by not utilizing 90% of the 3rd floor.3- Developing the school building facilities including the schools plumbing cycle, and the playground’s floor cover; fixing, updating, and developing the Science lab, the computer lab, the multimedia room, and the library ; changing the school’s roof cover by adding a protection to the ceiling to prevent rain leak problems; changing the whiteboards, and many others.4- Establishing the school’s electronic system or E2SKOOL. The electronic system will facilitate communication with parents on different levels. The system is dynamic to make it easy for parents to communicate with the school at any time for the purpose of getting information about his children in their academic progress and behavior reports; getting informed about the school’s financial requirements; asking for excuses and permissions; and communicating problems. Some aspects of the system are still currently working on static a mode, and it is on an ongoing development process to reach the mentioned target.5- Submitting the weekly plans through the school’s electronic website, and the school’s Facebook page.6- Applying modern technology applications, like smart boards for grade levels 7 to 12, and computer devices for grade levels 4 to 12.7- Applying a number of surveys that covers all stakeholders. The survey’s results were successfully analyzed. The analyzed data are to be used to update the school plans to reach stakeholders’ expectations.8- Choosing highly qualified teachers according to the regulations and conditions of the Ministry of Education.9- Activating successfully the Students’ Council. The council board was chosen based on internal school elections. The council is a basic link between the school’s administration and students in all grade levels.10- Activating a number of school committees including :- Skills Development Committee that focuses on developing the skills of teachers, students and parents which help in achieving the school vision and mission.- Integration Committee that focuses on integrating learning between all subjects for students and for teachers as well, to meet the school vision and mission.- Technology Committee that focuses on developing technology applications in the school, which is required to reach the school’s purpose.- And other committees such as, Islamic Awareness Committee, Stakeholders Feedback Diagnostic Committee, Students’ Performance Diagnostic Committee, Curriculum Development Committee, Executive Summary Committee, and Improvement Plan Committee among others.)11- Meeting the members of the Parents’ Council to discuss basic concerns of stakeholders. An effective parent’s council had three meetings during the current year, and valuable suggestions were presented by the members to solve the noted problems. Positive discussions between the council and the governing body were so helpful to develop MOIS plans.12- Training on the Crisis Plan was successfully conducted. The school personnel and students were successfully trained on the crisis plan, especially the evacuation process. The students were trained on both methods of instructions theoretically and practically.13- Disseminating school-wide hygiene awareness. Different activities were applied by the school clinic to spread hygiene awareness, to follow up students’ health, and to support students who need medical care.1- Reaching a qualified degree of systematic communication and documentation processes.2- Having better and effective means of communication with parents, through different channels like – parents’ meetings , teacher-parent individual meeting , Facebook page, the school website, letters, and memos.3- Unifying the vision of the whole school, allowing departments to have noticeable integration.4- Encouraging and supporting the application of new approaches that serve the educational process.5- Developing the Parent/Student Handbook for the KG section. The handbook includes all the required information that a parent or a student needs to know about the school.6- Conducting meaningful successful events as well as involving students in community service such as “Helping the Needy Day”and “Volunteering” among other community services.7- Assessing the effectiveness of many programs and the tools that are needed to build attainable and sustainable future plans, such as students’ diagnostic test, teachers’ evaluation tool, activity weeks, morning broadcast, and many others.8- Allowing teachers to be a part of the evaluation process.9- Applying earnestly the modern methodology of teaching and learning this year – the task-based learning methodology.10- Employing the controlled/free activities as a major part of all stages of a lesson – the lead-in, the pre-teaching stage, making prediction stage, introducing the TL/the receptive skill stage, and the final productive skill stage.11- Applying the cross-curricular projects this year as a means to build connection with life-time education as well as with different subjects. For example, a project allowed high school students to research, present, and assess materials related to historic figures who contributed to the progress of humanity. Another project allowed students to form group seminars in which they discussed and assessed free reading materials. In some other grade levels, math projects that integrate Art, Science, and Social studies with Math were applied. Other cross subject projects were applied as well.12- Helping high school students develop their presentation skills. Even those who found difficulty expressing themselves orally were encouraged to overcome this obstacle. Peer assessment motivated students to work as critics and not only as audience or recipients.13- Utilizing some technology applications to grade levels 4 to 12 concerning Virtual Laboratory. Qur’an and English departments are using simple phonics lab.14- Applying several competitions including:- The schools 7th Science Fair competition that focuses on the steps of the scientific methods, and helping students to develop cooperation skills and leadership skills, as well as developing their science information and interest.- Applying Qur’an memorization and reading competitions for both students and parents.- Applying writing competition for grades 7 to 12.15- Designing programs for low-achieving students in all subjects, and another program for gifted students.16- Applying a full plan of (Subject Activity Week) that focuses on teaching students based on different types of activities that meet students’ different types of learning. Creating a link between the student and the subject by applying varieties of activities that match their interests, skills, backgrounds, and needs.17- Providing new resources for the redesigned SAT which helps our high school students to get a good SAT score.18- Presenting a successful SAT parents’ conference to high school parents. The conference was the 4th parent SAT conference, and it included a detailed discussion about the redesigned SAT, Subject SAT, and how the school prepares students for both. The conference successfully answers parents’ questions and the most frequently asked questions that are related to this topic.19- Training workshops were presented to all of the school’s personnel, including teachers and administrators. MOIS started to apply a plan that covers 24 training hours for all of them. The training topics covers different school requirements including Critical Thinking, Problem Solving, Classroom Management, Lesson Planning, Teaching Strategies , Computer Skills, Data Analysis, Reporting, and other topics.20- Conducting a standardized diagnostic test to grades 3, 5, 7, and 9. A diagnostic test called MAP test was applied to grade levels 3 (as an indicator for early elementary stage), grade 5 (as an indicator for the elementary stage), grades 7 and 9 (as an indicator for the intermediate stage). SAT trial test is applied at the end of every year for grade 10, and SAT results are to be analyzed for grades 11 and 12.The purpose of the diagnostic test as mentioned in the sent letter is to decide students’ academic level based on an international test.21- Analyzing summative assessments through a concept-based method. Students summative assessment results were concept-based analyzed to determine the concept weakness in each grade level which helps in the school’s annual curricula design.22- Applying an intensive course for low-achieving students in grades 1 – 3 in both English and Math subjects. The course includes the basics of each of the subjects to help students reach the required background knowledge for his grade level educational expectations.23- Communicating successfully the student’s level of performance to parents by more than one method such as report cards, evaluation follow up sheets, and progress reports.24- Applying a multiple intelligence test for grade levels (1 – 3). The test gives an indication about the most popular types of intelligence for each student. Results were used to redesign the lesson strategies according to the type of learning.25- Applying a survey to students who graduated from MOIS to gather information about how much our program is convenient to different university requirements. The results admit that the school program is strong and effective for our graduates.26- Supporting and enriching the school’s Arabic and Islamic Studies curricula by incorporating additional standards from the Ministry of Education to guarantee full advantage of studying the said subjects.27- Encouraging students to read is one of the school's basic interests. Different activities were prepared for a long term reading festival. The festival includes reading and discussing books in all grade levels starting from K to 12; providing a Book Fair in the school; and facilitating different parents' involvement activities.28- Preparing the Teacher's Handbook for each department to guarantee that all teachers are applying a unified school strategy. The handbook includes all of the required instructions that help meet the school purpose.MOIS Vision & Mision For more pics, CLICK HEREI am really looking forward to my 9th (out of 11) year at CMS. I have taught every grade level at Cupertino Middle and will be teaching 6th grade this year. Last November, I received my National Board for Professional Teaching Certificate, which is the highest certificate awarded to a teacher. Before my career as a teacher, I worked at Sun Microsystems for 5.5 years upon graduating from UC Berkeley (Go Bears!!!) in ’96.At the tail end of my career at Sun, I became very active in triathlon, particularly cycling. The more time I spent competing and training, the more I fell in love with fitness, so much so, that I started to explore careers in the health and fitness industry. While working at Sun, I decided to coach at a local middle school...the rest is history. I enrolled at San Jose State and decided to get a second bachelor’s degree in Kinesiology as well as my teaching credential.In addition to teaching, I have coached Cross Country, girls and boys Basketball and Track and Field. I will also start my 6th year as the club coordinator for our highly successfully Running Club.I have been married for 9 years. In June of 2008, I became a father for the first time to a beautiful daughter, Jillian and then again in 2011, when we added Natalie to our lives. Last year I completed my National Board for Professional Teaching certification and am yet to find out if I passed.Thanks for taking the time to learn a little about me..... Tag: Explosions In The SkyTop 20 Best Psychedelic/Post-Rock & Shoegaze Albums Of 2016From Nothing to Sunflower Bean, from Explosions In The Sky to Miserable, it was again hard to pick just 20 albums, bu…Into The Wilderness: We Talked With Munaf Rayani Of Explosions In The SkyTexas based Post-rock legends Explosions In The Sky have released their 7th studio album, The Wilderness, and we talk… PCS| Ashley Madison Summary Data and Paid for Delete for SCAug 30, 2015 | Blog PostsThe Ashley Madison Agency, established in 2001, is home to around 33 million users. Of the 33 million users from around the world, about 0.6% were from South Carolina. With that being said, South Carolina has been ranked at number 36 for most unfaithful state in America.While analyzing the data from South Carolina, we found 218,840 users signed up for service. That is a staggering 85% male and 15% female. If you crunch those numbers is comes to 185,700 male users and 33,140 female users.These users may have never paid for the service offered but they did create a profile. Ironically, we also found that there were 2,015 users in South Carolina that had paid for their account to be deleted. That means 1% of South Carolina users paid for delete. Of the 2,015 South Carolina users that paid for delete, 1,857 were male users and 158 users were female.It has been interesting to learn about the users involved in the Ashley Madison leak. We analyzed the data with social media platforms and learned more about the people who had signed up with Ashley Madison. However, due to legal concerns, we will only be sharing summary data here.In the coming days, we will release more data and analytics regarding Ashley Madison users from South Carolina.PCS | Keyboard Shortcuts for Windows 7, Windows 8, and Windows 10PCS | Stay Secure Online!PCS | Data Recovery!PCS | System Requirements for Today’s Windows Operating Systems… Peace Studies NetworkPage history last edited by Dr James Page 13 years, 8 months agoFrontPage Resources Concepts:ThemesThe Peace Studies Network is an Australian not-for-profit non-government organization, with the objective of encouraging peace research and education, with a commitment to peace by peaceful means. Membership is open to those involved in peace research and education (or those who have been involved in peace research and education) in higher education institutions.The current co-ordinator is Dr Wendy Lambourne, of the Centre for Peace and Confict Studies (CPACS), Room 106 Mackie Building K01, University of Sydney, NSW, 2006. Telephone: +61 2 9036 9286, Facsilime: +61 2 9660 0862. Email: wendy.lambourne@arts.usyd.edu.auApproved by Meeting, 24/4/09. Want to chat? We’d love to hear from you!Get in touch with Pinot Igul to inquire about purchasing art, getting to know our artists, events and activities you would like to see in your neighborhood, or just to say hello.CONNECT or BUYDisabled Art SalesOriginals in acrylic on canvas and limited edition (50pcs) prints available for purchase.The Best PartnersIf you are an individual or part of any community such as artists, special needs, athletics, music, social entrepreneurship and more, get in touch!Our ideal partners share our passion for encouraging, supporting and empowering disabled artists.Have any questions about our art to buy or holding an exhibition?Questions following your purchase, or about deliveries?Drop us a line and get in touch.Hang in there and we will respond to you as soon as we can.Thanks for your patience along the way.Eldad is the founder of Pinot Igul. Inspired by his personal experience having cerebral palsy, he is representing the artwork of disabled artists to corporate, government, commercial and private clients to help the artists earn a living from their art. Eldad realized the importance of bringing together a community of special needs artists with people from all backgrounds who want to support them, their work and this project.After high school, he was dead-set on making it as a music teacher, but had a change of heart later on. Due to his handicaps he did not fit in with the regular work force. In order to change that, he recognized that he first needed to understand himself and the people around him. So he learned to express himself through art. He began studying art – drawing, painting, theory and art history.He fell in love with art history but didn’t find many artists who were like him, with a disability, to look up too. He realized how difficult it must be for handicapped artists to make a living from their art.Eldad ShoshtariDecided to help artists reach their dream of supporting themselves from their artwork. This led to the birth of Pinot Igul. Endowed Professorship in Eating Disorders, Open RankLubbock, TX, USATexas Tech University, Community, Family and Addiction Sciences DepartmentApplication Due: January 31, 2023Type: Nine-month, Tenure-track/TenuredPosition Availability: September 1, 2023Salary: Competitive and commensurate with qualificationsThe Addictive Disorders and Recovery Studies (ADRS) program in the Department of Community, Family, and Addiction Sciences at Texas Tech University invites applications for an open rank tenure track faculty position. The position includes an Endowed Professorship in Eating Disorders. This tenure-track/tenured position is financially supported by a significant endowment of nearly $1 million, and is open to all ranks and all research areas related to eating disorders (e.g., anorexia, bulimia nervosa, food addiction/binge eating disorder, obesity, OSFED, and feeding disorders, etc). Candidates who have very strong records of scholarship supported by extramural funding and who have the proven capacity or clear potential to bring externally sponsored research to Texas Tech University are encouraged to apply. The preferred applicant will have a productive, visible, and well-funded research program that exemplifies an integrative approach to studying eating disorders or clear potential to develop one, experience working with diverse student populations and first-generation students, and a proven track record of successfully mentoring doctoral students. The preferred applicant will also complement the existing research that ADRS faculty are currently conducting within the broadly defined areas of addiction and recovery. Applicants for all ranks including assistant, associate, and full professor are encouraged to apply. The review of applications will begin on January 31, 2023.The successful applicant is expected to develop multi-disciplinary research projects, teach undergraduate and graduate courses, and supervise ADRS doctoral students. Service duties include program-building, as well as a commitment to extra-curricular activities. Service to the department, college, and the university are expected. This position is financially supported by a significant endowment of nearly $1 million, which provides the successful applicant with annual funding to support their research and salary.The College of Human Sciences and the Office of the Vice President for Research offer generous research and seed grants and research start-up packages to new faculty. The Office of the Vice President for Research and the TTU Teaching Learning and Professional Development Center offer a variety of excellent services and free workshops to faculty. Texas Tech University is a Hispanic-Serving Institution (HSI) making it eligible for unique funding opportunities that aim to serve and benefit our diverse student population.About Texas Tech University, Community, Family and Addiction Sciences DepartmentApplicants with dual-career considerations can find university jobs such as professor jobs, dean jobs, chair / department head jobs, and other faculty jobs and employment opportunities at Texas Tech University and at other institutions of higher education in the region on www.AcademicCareers.comTo receive email alerts when new jobs at Texas Tech University are posted, sign up at new job openings at Texas Tech University.Health Sciences/OT/PT/KinesiologyHuman Development/Family/Consumer SciencePsychologySocial & Behavioral SciencesSchool Psychology Professor Open Rank1 University Pkwy, University Park, IL 60484Full Time Faculty – Psychology (Temporary Two-Semester, Fall 2023)Glen Ellyn, IL, USALecturer/Senior Lecturer and Practicum Coordinator in Early Intervention and Early Childhood Special Education Discover all exhibitions and events at the Museum on February 8, 2022 37 Maddona-compressed<span class="attachment-meta">Published on <time class="entry-date" datetime="2016-07-28T18:35:13+00:00">July 28, 2016</time> in <a href="http://rajulmehta.com/gallery/ripples-of-body-and-soul/" title="Return to Ripples of Body and Soul" rel="gallery">Ripples of Body and Soul</a></span>Full resolution (962 × 1200) Other Reference Guides (PDF)To view reference guides in PDF format, download the following free software:A preliminary container list was created for this collection on or before Decemeber 11, 2015.Henry Paul Hansen Papers, 1907-1989These papers were generated and collected by Henry Hansen, a paleobotanist, who served as Dean of the Graduate school at Oregon State College until 1971. The collection includes research materials, field notes and publications.Items from this collection have been digitized and are available in Oregon Digital.Hansen, Henry P. (Henry Paul)Hansen, David HenryHeusser, Calvin J.Heusser, Linda E.Starker, T. J. (Thurman James) (1890-1983)ID: MSS HansenHPThe collection include publications of Hansen and his colleagues from the United States and Norway; correspondence files; research files containing field notes, manuscripts, and a set of pollen sample slides; information on pollen analysis methods and pollen classifications; two NSF research proposals, one regarding Peat Bogs in Eastern Norway and another on the Three Sisters Wilderness Area; photos of Hansen and of wilderness landscapes; teaching materials including handouts for palynology courses; 1906 map of Washington floral regions, plus a 1941 map of Oregon, Washington and some of the Canadian Provinces; papers and information files on palynology and geology; copies of masters thesis of Hansen's son, David Henry Hansen.Henry Paul Hansen was born in LaCrosse, Wisconsin to Andrew and Emma Petersen Hansen on 28 April 1907. He graduated from the University of Wisconsin with a B.S. in 1930, and began graduate work there in 1931. He continued graduate work in 1935 at the University of Washington, receiving a Ph.D. in 1937. He came to Oregon State College in 1939 as an Instructor in Botany. He became Dean of the Graduate School in 1949, a position he held until his retirement in 1971.Hansen's accomplishments include two John Simon Guggenheim Fellowships (1943-44, 1947-48) and two Fulbright Fellowships. He authored over 65 documents during his career; copies of most of them are included in this collection. Hansen died in Corvallis, Oregon on 8 October 1989. A more extensive biography is included in this collection.The papers of Henry Paul Hansen are organized into nine series.Preferred Citation: Henry Paul Hansen Papers (MSS HansenHP), Oregon State University Special Collections and Archives Research Center, Corvallis, Oregon.Collection Material Type: PCLD ListBiology--Research--Arctic regions.Excavations (Archaeology)--Oregon.Faegri, KnutIdentification of northwestern trees.Krummholz formation in the Wasatch Mountains of Utah.Natural history--Arctic regions.Natural history--Oregon.Oregon State University. Department of Botany & Plant PathologyPaleobotany--Northwest, Pacific.Paleobotany--Quaternary.Palynology--Technique.Palynology.Peat bogs.Pollen, Fossil.Three Sisters Wilderness (Or.)Materials pertaining to Hansen's work as Dean of the Graduate School are in the Graduate School Records (RG 016). You are at:Home»Posts Tagged "sea world san antonio"Browsing: sea world san antonioVideo: Coast Guard gives rescued manatee a lift homeBy Meghann Myers on April 3, 2015 Coast Guardhttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3k92hcUzEBc Last winter, a Florida manatee found himself lost and alone off the coast of Texas. In February, he finally got to return home, with help from a Coast Guard HC-144 Ocean Sentry aircraft and some Coast Guard aviators from the Aviation Training Center in Mobile, Alabama. A sheriff’s deputy found the manatee, dubbed Trinidad, a Tampa Bay native found in the cold waters of an energy plant’s outflow near Houston, Texas back in November. He was transported to Sea World San Antonio for rehab, where researchers determined he was a known Gulf Coast manatee who’d been first observed in 2001.… Buffy:by Ian Dawe | in Articles | Sun, 25 May 2014After six issues that were essentially standalone stories, some of which were very experimental one-off character or thematic explorations, Jane Espenson’s five-part “Retreat” arc is a vital turning point in Buffy Season 8. In fact, with its self-contained setting and story, solid character arcs and numerous little “Whedonesque” moments, issues #26-30 are a true high water mark in Buffy’s comics adventures.In fact, it’s reminiscent of nothing so much as The Empire Strikes Back, not in its narrative specificity, but the general tenor of the story. The Slayer Army is at a truly low point, but, unlike the far flung activities of the previous issues, this time they’re all together, united in a common battle (there’s literally a battle) against impossible odds. But they also have to deal with very old and long-festering personal issues, make important character revelations and pinpoint what’s going to be the central struggle from here until the end of Season 8.At the beginning of the story, Buffy, Xander and Willow are still holding down the fort with the Slayer Army in Scotland, but things aren’t going well. They’re facing increasingly monstrous threats and Twilight knows where they are. Faith and Giles are holed up in a bunker in Berlin (Faith points out the irony), also hiding from human and demon forces. And Andrew leads a contingent through the catacombs in Rome, where Slayers are being hunted. It seems as if everyone is going to have to do some relocating, and fast.The entire gang eventually finds its way back to Scotland, where Buffy and Giles, for one, have a tearful reunion. But there’s no time to savour their status as demons driving tanks and sporting Medieval Siege Engines are soon storming the Scottish castle, under the leadership of Twilight. It turns out that Twilight has been tracking Willow’s magic use, and the magic use of the other wiccans she has recruited. What Willow perceives as their greatest strength has led the enemy right to their gates. Willow, by the way, has been enjoying magic a bit too much and this has made everyone nervous, given her history with the forces.Buffy eventually just orders retreat, and the entire army takes refuge in the submarine (appropriated from North Korea and introduced a few issues back). Now it’s up to Willow to perform, as Buffy sees it, one last big act of magic. She teleports the submarine and everyone in it from the North Atlantic to a field in Tibet. Where Oz, meditating peacefully in a temple overlooking the valley that now contains the sub, gives his trademark thoughtful “huh”.The relationship between Oz and Willow, the honesty with which the writers committed to their emotions, was one of the things that made Buffy the TV series so much better and more insightful than so many of its contemporaries. Buffy seemed to understand, in a way that most other shows and many people do not, that sexual orientation is a lifelong journey for some people and that individual circumstances and emotions are very much a part of that. A lesser show would have had Willow realize one day that she wasn’t straight, have an affair with Tara and just leave Oz out completely, since he wasn’t a major character. Instead, Whedon and company allowed Oz to break Willow’s heart in a very human way, allowed her time to grieve and when she met Tara it wasn’t so much a case of “deciding to be with a woman” as deciding to be with that woman. Similarly, when Oz returns and expects him and Willow to pick up where they left off, no one is the “enemy” and no one is “wrong” in that situation. Tara is scared and hurt and Willow is confused. They muddle through, imperfectly. But Oz is emphatically not a homophobic “bad guy”. Whedon is too smart for that. Which is why it’s impressive to see that dynamic, and that very mature approach to the subject, continued here.The Slayer Army arrives to find that Oz has married a wonderful woman named Bayarrma (or “Bay”) and they have a little boy named Kelden. Bay helped Oz deal with his affliction (he’s a werewolf) through meditation and spiritual exercises that help him redirect the magical energy into the earth itself. This is, as she tells it, an old Tibetan trick. It isn’t long before the Slayer Army, and Giles in particular, hits upon the idea of directing all the group’s magical energy into the earth, allowing them to “hide” from Twilight’s magic detecting abilities. It would give them time to think and rest and heal, at least, so goes the logic.Healing is very much on Willow’s mind, who is the most conflicted and confused in this new situation. Her challenges are on a number of fronts. For one thing, she’s now being forced to “give up” her magic and direct it back into the earth. Although she sees the logic of it, it isn’t easy for Willow to lose the one thing that makes her special and powerful. She’s also struggling personally, bitterly jealous at seeing her former lover happily married with a child, just as she always dreamt for them. Whereas Willow’s personal life, with Kennedy and all the drama of the Slayer Army, seems difficult and painful next to Oz’s idyllic life. In Star Wars terms, Willow is ripe to be tempted by the dark side.Giving up the magic isn’t easy for anyone, by the way, including many in the Slayer Army. Slayers are by their very nature “magic all day every day,” as Buffy puts it. Giving up their strength to avoid detection leaves them weak and vulnerable. They try their best to occupy themselves being useful to their hosts, planting crops and milking the Yak and such, but frustration and fear grow. And then, of course, the inevitable happens and Twilight finds them.Before getting to the epic battle between Twilight and the newly-weakened Slayer Army, there’s more significant character developments. Buffy and Faith get to spend some time together and find much of their former hostility is gone in the face of a new enemy and a more grown up sense of themselves. Buffy starts to realize that she’s attracted to Xander, but is shocked and confused when she finds that Xander and Dawn are “together”, and very affectionate with each other. (Georges Jeanty makes masterful use of eye-lines, here, playing out many scenes of kissing etc between Xander and Dawn with Buffy sneaking a peek out of the corner of her eye.)And we shouldn’t forget that Buffy’s ex Riley Finn is ostensibly working for Twilight. Riley is one of many soldiers that contribute to the massive battle involving Tanks, Jeeps and military equipment. The Slayer Army also has to resort to that most dreaded of weapons: the gun. They don’t have their normal powers, and they don’t have Willow’s magic, so they use whatever Chinese weapons are available. And, of course, the submarine.Here is where the Empire Strikes Back or even the Return of the Jedi elements come into play. The long battle (spread over two issues, it could easily fill one) is far more interesting than the repetitive yelling and clanking of most battle sequences, playing out in a series of vignettes that are sometimes heroic and sometimes quite funny. The best consisted of a group of Slayers rigging one of the now-abandoned submarine’s torpedoes on a sled and sliding into the enemy forces, only then asking themselves, “Do torpedoes work on land?” The next frame, with the army celebrating and yelling, “torpedoes work on land!” reaches almost Archer- level satire.Two big plot points emerge during the epic Buffy “war movie” that forms the last part of “Retreat”. One is that Riley is revealed to be on the side of the Slayer Army the whole time, working undercover in Twilight’s organization. Buffy saves him and nurses him back to heath at the Slayer’s improvised hospital. The second involves the forces that Willow, her witches, the Slayers and Oz (as well as some fellow werewolves) have been pumping into the earth. With a very mild spell, those forces are pulled back out with a vengeance, taking the forms of ancient Asian Goddesses and tearing the Twilight army to pieces. Unfortunately the Goddesses aren’t that easily controlled and Buffy finds herself in the hands of one during the final skirmish.Dropped to the earth by a giant blue Goddess (we should point out that this would probably not be the way they would go on TV), Buffy is knocked unconscious but wakes up floating high in the air, watching the battle unfold beneath her. The next two major arcs, “Twilight” and “Last Gleaming”, will bring us to the epic and tragic end of Buffy Season 8.Tagged Buffy the Vampire Slayer, Georges Jeanty, Joss Whedon. Bookmark the permalink.RSS feed for Ian Dawe@iandawe42Independent scholar Ian Dawe has been writing for Sequart since November 2013. Before that, he had a mixed background, initially in science (Molecular Biology and Biochemistry), where he earned an MSc from Simon Fraser University and then an MA in Film from the University of Exeter in the UK. He spent a decade teaching at the college level, delivering courses in Genetics, Biochemistry, Cell Biology, Biological Anthropology and Film History. His academic work includes peer-reviewed papers on the work of Alan Moore, Harvey Pekar for Studies in Comics and a dissertation on Terry Gilliam for the University of Exeter. He has presented papers at several major academic conferences including Slayage 2014, Magus: Transdisciplinary Approaches to the Work of Alan Moore in 2010 (in the wizard's hometown of Northampton), Comics Rock and the International Conference of the Humanities in 2012, and at the Southwest Popular Culture Association Conference in Albuquerque, New Mexico in 2014 and 2015. He has contributed to several books, including a chapter about the TV show Archer in "James Bond and Popular Culture" and two chapters on Breaking Bad for "Breaking Bad and Masculinity", both now available from McFarland. At Sequart, he has authored a chapter for New Life and New Civiliations: Exploring Star Trek Comics, A Long Time Ago and two more upcoming books on Star Wars comics. He has also contributed to books on Alan Moore and 1970s Horror Comics. He is currently planning a full-length book on Better Call Saul. Ian currently lives in Vancouver, BC.See more, including free online content, on Ian Dawe's author page.Also by Ian Dawe: On Suffering…OK, so that’s not a real upbeat title. But it’s been on my mind. Ever since I watched “The Boy in the Striped Pajamas” last week on Netflix. Oh my Heavens. Can you say mind-blowing? This movie, set in War War II, is about the Nazi concentration camps. I really don’t want to elaborate further, but check out the premise here.What happened to me after I saw this movie was that I just couldn’t stop thinking about suffering. This movie made me think about it so much. We think we suffer here, yet most of the time we really don’t. We have so many comforts, so many privileges, so much to be thankful for, yet at times we complain. It’s hard to watch a movie about the subject matter in “The Boy in the Striped Pajamas” and not do a “double-take” at my life. I don’t ever have the right to complain. It’s so easy to get caught up in details of this world we live in, that we forget that we are so privileged. We don’t suffer daily heartache, daily physical pain, or daily persecution. Yet so many do. And we never give it a thought.When I think about the suffering in Haiti or the unimaginable suffering of World War II concentration camps, I can become breathless. It just is too much to bear, and that is just THINKING about it, and not living it.I am so grateful to not have to suffer these terrible tragedies, yet I do think it is important to remember just how lucky we are. And to never, ever forget those who are suffering.“I consider that the sufferings of this present time are not worth comparing with the glory about to be revealed to us. ”June 16, 2010 by Karen DeBeusThe Best Years of Our Life Still editing, so I thought I'd share a few more. :) Todd St Hill and Giancarlo M.What’s next for the Queen City rebellion?In the days after Keith Lamont Scott was killed by police, Charlotte, North Carolina, was the site of daily protests that spread out and mobilized people around the state. Todd St Hill and Giancarlo M. recount the story of the struggle so far, look at the challenges that protesters face and outline elements of a strategy that can achieve justice.FOR OVER two weeks, hundreds and thousands of people have kept the rebellion against police terror alive in the Queen City. Despite the ramping up of police repression, organizers have continued to build protests and push through with their demands for justice.It all started on September 20, when Charlotte-Mecklenburg Police Department (CMPD) officers shot and killed 43-year-old Keith Lamont Scott as he sat in his car, waiting for his son to get off the school bus.That same night, hundreds of Charlotte residents took to the streets in protest, launching what has materialized into #CharlotteUprising, a collective of local organizations with support from statewide and national organizations such as Tribe, the Queer and Trans People of Color Collective, Southerners On New Ground, Black Youth Project 100, Showing Up for Racial Justice, the Southeast Asian Coalition and Workers World, among others.On the second night of marches, riot police fired tear gas and rubber bullets into the crowd, injuring many. During the protest 26-year-old protester Justin Carr was shot and killed. While several witnesses say they saw Carr struck by a rubber bullet fired by police, the CMPD and city of Charlotte continue to defend their claim that Carr was shot by a civilian. Later that week, 21-year-old Rayquan Borum was arrested on charges of first-degree murder.Protesters march to demand justice for Keith Lamont ScottThe blatant display of brutality and abuse of power continued throughout the following days.On Saturday, thousands of people gathered at Marshall Park for a rally and march that made stops at various locations around Charlotte, including the courthouse, CMPD headquarters, the county jail and Bank of America.At each stop, speakers highlighted the connections between police killings and the immense amount of money that flows through Charlotte--a major corporate hub for Bank of America, Wells Fargo and Duke Energy--and the systemic racism embodied in those institutions.The multiracial and multigenerational crowd also stopped outside the Omni Hotel, the site of the killing of Justin Carr, for a moment of silence.AFTER THE march, demonstrators returned to the police station where a press conference was underway to announce the release of a police body-cam video--a decision undoubtedly forced by the protests as well as the release of cell-phone footage taken by Rakeyia Scott, Keith's wife, which went viral a day earlier.The first body-cam video footage was incomplete and without audio, raising more question than answers. Suspicions of an attempted cover-up grew stronger as other videos were released and police acknowledged that the officer who killed Scott "failed to turn his camera on." Video from a patrol car dash cam showed Scott walking backwards with his hands by his side, contradicting the already questionable report by the CMPD.The next day, hundreds of people were back in Charlotte's Uptown, this time at the gates of the Bank of America Stadium to protest outside a Carolina Panthers football game, which authorities decided to keep in Charlotte despite the state of emergency declared by city officials.During the national anthem, protesters took a knee and raised their fists, following the example of San Francisco 49ers quarterback Colin Kaepernick, who has inspired other athletes to follow his decision to not stand for the anthem in solidarity with oppressed people and in opposition to police killings.On Monday, fast-food workers with Raise Up for $15 went on strike in solidarity and to make connections between the low-wage workers' struggle and the Movement for Black Lives.Later that evening, hundreds packed the City Council's community forum, with hundreds more rallying in the lobby of City Hall. With very few exceptions, speaker after speaker took the podium to demand justice for Scott and condemn the lack of action. Many also demanded the resignation of Police Chief Kerr Putney and Major Jennifer Roberts.The forum lasted over two and a half hours and was full of passionate and emotional speeches, including that of 9-year-old Zianna Oliphant, whose moving words went viral:It's a shame that our fathers and brothers are killed and we can't see them anymore. It's a shame that we have to go through that graveyard and bury him. We need our fathers and brothers to be by our side...We are Black people, and we shouldn't have to feel like this. We shouldn't have to protest because you are treating us wrong. We do this because we need to, and we have rights.THE POLICE repression in Charlotte has reached a level similar to what we've witnessed in Ferguson and Baltimore.National media outlets reported that National Guard was dispatched and a curfew implemented to "restore peace." What wasn't as widely broadcast was the presence of state and local police stationed at every highway off-ramp to Uptown and outside major businesses. Police from the city of Greensboro, located two hours away, were spotted throughout Charlotte, and the personnel from the security firm AlliedBarton Company Police patrolled the Uptown bus terminal.The presence of the National Guard, state troopers, local police and private security clearly gave the CMPD the opportunity and confidence to ramp up their racist and repressive practices.From almost the beginning of the protests, activists report police targeting and arresting organizers on trumped-up charges and holding them in jail for anywhere between from two and 12 hours. The Charlotte Jail support team reported that while white protesters were typically released with two to four hours, Black demonstrators were held from four to six hours, and sometimes as long as 12.Over 100 people have been arrested in connection with the protests so far, and some are yet to be released. Bail for some was set as high as $300,000.Police harassment has continued in other ways. Police reportedly infiltrated a hub that demonstrators used to store food and supplies needed to deal with the tear gas, concussion grenades and rubber bullets being used against them. The jail support team has reported multiple attempts to infiltrate their operation. The #CharlotteUprising website, and especially its link to donate to the bond fund, has suffered multiple cyber attacks.In another incident, police ran over and then arrested a demonstrator who was part of a protest that attempted to take over a highway. When other protesters tried to help the injured man, they were pepper-sprayed and pushed away.It's clear to organizers and demonstrators that the intensified surveillance and repression by the CMPD was a reaction to the success of the uprising in garnering support from sections of Black, Brown and working-class white communities across North Carolina.AS MANY people in Charlotte observed since Scott's killing, the eruption of righteous protests in Charlotte has been brewing for decades.The police killings of Keith Scott, Justin Carr and Jonathan Ferrell can't be separated from the long and complicated history of racial integration and resegregation in the Queen City.As historian Tom Hanchett explained in an interview with the Think Progress website, in the post-Civil War period, "Charlotte was one of several southern burgs where class solidarity briefly trumped racial division." According to Hanchett, the 1890s witnessed what became dubbed as the Fusion Movement, in which Blacks:came together with ordinary white folks and voted out the men of property and standing. The landowners, the railroad owners, many of them former slave owners, got voted out of both houses of the legislature and also the governor's chair in 1896...The Fusion movement redrafted the state constitution, including a passage aimed at guaranteeing working-class economic security long before the American labor movement began.Along with other eruptions of multiracial struggle during the high point of Southern Populism, this example didn't last long. When the white ruling class regained power, it embarked on a campaign of white supremacy meant to break cross-racial solidarity and solidify segregation in all modes of life.It took until the 1950s and '60s before the rise of the civil rights movement finally defeated Jim Crow segregation, at least legally. Judged against other North Carolina cities, Charlotte led the way in desegregating schools. But that impressive feat has been reversed over the past 15 years.Meanwhile, the number of people living in poverty in Charlotte-Mecklenburg grew from 159,000 in 2000 to 314,000 today. According to the UNC Charlotte Urban Institute, the percentage of people in poverty in Mecklenburg County was 11.3 percent in 2005, compared to 13.3 percent nationally. By 2010, that percentage had grown to 15.3, tying with the national average.Despite all efforts to keep them poor, many Blacks experienced socio-economic mobility and established neighborhoods such as McCrorey Heights and Brooklyn--home of the first free Black library in the South.But as Charlotte rapidly expanded, city officials intentionally planned the construction of highways through these communities--which made the protesters' shutdowns of Interstates 77 and 85 all the more symbolic. Today, Charlotte has the worst statistics for social mobility rates among poor Black people of all large cities in the U.S.WHILE THAT long and painful history continues to inform the present struggles of Black and Brown people living in Charlotte, it also teaches us important lessons about the power of solidarity and the importance multiracial organizing--lessons that are being relearned today as thousands are called upon to show up for more protests.Within the first week, the demonstrations had already had a significant impact on the profits of many hotels and businesses, which were suffering financial blows due to boycotts in response to state's anti-trans House Bill 2 According to the Charlotte Observer, the Westin had nearly 4,000 room-night cancellations over the first weekend of protests, amounting to nearly $2 million in lost profits.Much of the coverage by mainstream media highlighted how these financial woes for Charlotte business trickled down to the waiters, cooks and hotel staff--a blatant attempt to pin working people against one another. What the media failed to report was the fact that many of those marching downtown past curfew were these same workers, often still in uniform.The events that led to the ongoing resistance in Charlotte have---like many other incidences of police brutality and murder---activated ordinary people, young and old, across racial identities, to demonstrate against racist policing. The particular social, economic and political landscape of Charlotte has fostered a certain resistance to efforts to divide the people who were in the streets over the last two weeks.The conditions for many people who live in Southern cities like Charlotte provide the potential for bringing different people together under what could be a shared goal of stopping police brutality, divesting from and abolishing prisons, and divesting from the banks and corporate institutions that fund them and benefit from the militarism of the police.The organizing on the ground in Charlotte has been done across racial line, by queer, trans* lesbian, gay, and straight members of the Southeast Asian community, Latinx community and Black community. This capacity for achieving solidarity has frightened the ruling class of Charlotte, leading to the intensified police crackdown--but it can and should be a beacon of hope for the struggle against capitalism and for liberation.Lauren FleerLarry Krasner and the fight to break the cagesA civil rights attorney who was elected Philadelphia’s top prosecutor is credited with “unprecedented” reforms. What’s the record?Nicole ColsonBearing witness for Laquan at a Chicago courtActivists are mobilizing around the murder trial of the cop who shot Laquan McDonald to demand justice for all victims of police violence.Alex MoyleUsing dogs as a tool of racist repressionPolice exploit people’s love of dogs to make the abuse of human beings by K9 units and the abuse of the dogs themselves seem acceptable.Damián Reyes RodriguezWhy is Scout dead?The shooting of a Georgia Tech student by campus police raises questions about the lack of mental health care and other support.Dave ZirinThe police versus Michael BennettThe Las Vegas police union is going all out to attack NFL player Michael Bennett after he spoke out about their abuse.The Trumpification of American politics?From the top of the party to the bottom, Republicans are going “full Trump.” What does this mean for the midterm elections and U.S. politics?The alt-right order amid the chaosTrump is getting grief for his Putin lovefest, but the left can’t neglect the need to confront his ongoing right-wing agenda of nationalism and class war.How Marx became a Marxist in five easy steps...And you can to! Here's an introduction to the theoretical leaps Karl Marx made on his way to developing a theory and vision that changed the world.Our answer to the miserable State of the UnionDonald Trump celebrated the crimes and outrages of his first year, and outlined the ones he has in store for the future. Here's the socialist response. « Remember, Remember, to Read Stephen Spender »Remember, Remember, to Read Stephen SpenderOver at her eponymous weblog, poet and writer Carol Peters has posted a lengthy excerpt from Stephen Spender's Poetry Since 1939 (London: Longmans, Green & Co., 1946). This short booklet is one of a series of British Council pamphlets on the Arts in Britain, published just after World War II, covering such subjects as ballet, films, music, painting, drama, and prose. Henry Reed wrote the volume for The Novel Since 1939, which discusses contemporary works by Woolf, Greene, Joyce, Isherwood, Graves, Orwell, Cary, Huxley, and Waugh.The section Ms. Peters quotes, "Conditions in Which Poets Have Worked," doesn't mention Reed, but does name several of his peers, and everyone he would eventually be compared to:Then we come to the many poets in the Forces. Some of the most talented of these were killed, notably Sidney Keyes and Alun Lewis. In quantity, the poets in the Forces produced far more work than anyone else, and, apart from the writing of distinguished poets such as Vernon Watkins, F. T. Prince, Roy Fuller, Henry Treece, Alan Rook, Keidrych Rhys, Francis Scarfe, this poetry is the most difficult to judge at the present time while we are so close to it.Reed's bit comes along a little later, in the chapter "Poets Who Have Become Known Since 1939": 'When Henry Reed's volume is published he will take his place with F.T. Prince, Vernon Watkins, and Terence Tiller as one of the really significant younger poets.'I'm also reminded of Fussell's Wartime: Understanding and Behavior in the Second World War (Amazon.com), which has an excellent chapter on "Reading in Wartime." (Unfortunately, Google Book Search delivers a disappointing "Image Not Available.")« Spender NovelSince1939 »Add Notation:Notation for "Remember, Remember, to Read Stephen Spender":Allowed: <a> <em> <strong>What is Henry Reed's first name? 2017 Acura NSXRanked at #7, the 2017 Acura NSX races 0-60 mph in 3.1 seconds. Sports cars that fall within this range of acceleration are categorized as Super Fast Cars.It falls behind the #6 ranked 2017 Jaguar F-type SVR by 0.1 seconds and pulls ahead of the #8 ranked 2017 Porsche 911 Carrera GTS Cabriolet by just hundredths of a second.Before getting in the driver's seat of one of these cars and punching the gas, you should know where you stand. In a race from 0-60 mph between 2017 Acura NSX vs. 2017 Porsche 911 Carrera GTS Cabriolet, you would WIN by just hundredths of a second!If you are thinking about going head to head with another Acura, make sure you know your competition. Find out where your car ranks against the top 10 fastest cars from 2017.Make: AcuraModel: NSXEngine: V-6 twin turbo / HybridTransmission: 9DCT 3-1 Deficits are Hard to Overcome – But Trail Blazers Have Plenty of MotivationApril 30, 2009 by AlexV · Leave a CommentBrandon Roy and LaMarcus Aldridge, the anchors of Portland's team, aim to bring the series back to Oregon for a decisive game seven tonight in Houston at 9:30pm on TNT.In NBA playoff history, only eight teams have ever come back from a 3-1 deficit. There have been plenty of times where the team facing elimination has forced games sixes and even games sevens, but it is just that hard to beat a team three straight times. The Portland Trail Blazers face that same dilemma and have already closed the deficit to 3-2. But what kind of motivation does this team have to win the series… it’s quite simpleThe Trail Blazers seem to be a team suffering from the playoff willies. They’re young. However, they should convert that youthful inexperience into youthful enthusiasm to try and beat the Rockets tonight in Houston with the lingering thought in the back of their minds that if they can pull it off, they go back to Portland for game seven. They need to use this to remember that the pressure is on Houston as they definitely want no part of a game seven on the road.I definitely think the Blazers can pick up the win as they were one of the hottest teams going into the playoffs, and in the final week of the regular season they beat Denver and L.A. who are the top two seeds in the west. So don’t be surprised if Portland becomes the ninth team in NBA history to win a series after being down 3-1.Tagged: brandon roy, houston rockets, lamarcus aldridge, NBA, NBA finals, nba playoffs, portland trail blazers, seriesIt’s Official: Brandon Roy Sets the Tone for the Portland Trail BlazersDecember 19, 2008 by AlexV · 1 CommentSay hello to the league's next young equalizer.Coming into this season, everyone knew that Brandon Roy was one of the rising stars in the league. However, up until his 52 point performance against the Phoenix Suns last night, he may very well be a rising super star.I think the most widespread feeling across the league is that guys like Brandon Roy and LaMarcus Aldridge would make nice compliments to Greg Oden. However, until Greg Oden can begin to score twenty plus points per game, that cannot be said. Brandon Roy at this point is the player that you say “The team goes as far as Brandon Roy goes,” and his main man and sidekick is Aldridge, and not Oden.Now, with Portland jumping to a 17-6 record which is good for 5th in the western conference, and coming off a recent three-game slump, the huge performance in Portland should propel the team to hit off some three to five game win streaks here and there for the next few weeks.Go Brandon Roy.Tagged: Basketball, brandon roy, greg oden, lamarcus aldridge, NBA, nba basketball, phoenix suns, portland trail blazersNBA First Quarter MVP?December 2, 2008 by AlexV · 2 CommentsDwyane Wade, aka Flash, may very well be holding the MVP trophy at the end of the season.Who is the Man whose momma spells the name “Dwayne” as “Dwyane?” Who is the Man who leads his team to victory by being the league’s top scorer at 28.7 points per game, almost a full point over the one they call “King” with 27.8 in Cleveland? Who is the former Marquette Master that let his team sit back and watch as he carried them to four straight victories once upon an NBA Finals ago? Who is this Man you say? D-Wade?Yea… that and Dwyane Wade.For those of you who it isn’t too early to be talking MVP yet, Dwyane Wade ought to be your man. He has no Shaq, and at 9-9, has his team just four wins shy of the 13 total they had all of last season. To say he has gotten much help would be a bit of a stretch.Sure, Michael Beasley has been turning in a pretty fine rookie season at 14.7 points per game with a 45% field goal percentage. Other than, they have no big men and their pick up from last season, Shawn Marion has not presented himself as much of a scoring threat with just 12.3 points per game (coupled by a big 9.3 rebounds per contest), but at 6ft 7in, he is shorter than rookie Michael Beasley at 6ft 9in!Thus far, Dwyane Wade has played like a man who wants no part of the shame and deplorable play his city and fans suffered through last season, and definitely does not want to be watching most of the playoffs as opposed to playing in at least part of them.As long as Dwyane Wade can keep carrying his team to victory, especially in the fourth quarter, he has my vote for MVP right now… D-Wade! All the other usual and potential names, Kobe Bryant, LeBron James, Paul Pierce, Kevin Garnett, Steve Nash, Tim Duncan, Brandon Roy, Chris Paul, or Chauncey Billups have an at least decent supporting cast around them.Tagged: brandon roy, chauncey billups, Chris Paul, Dwayne Wade, dwyane wade, Kevin Garnett, Kobe Bryant, lebron james, NBA, NBA finals, Paul Pierce, steve nash, tim duncanNBA Quarter-Mark OutlookNovember 30, 2008 by AlexV · Leave a CommentSo far in the NBA a few teams are back up to their old tricks, a few have been somewhat disappointing, and a good number of upstarts from last year as well as some surprising newcomers have begun to surface.The newcomers that need to be involved in this discussion are as follows; in the east it’s Miami, New York, and New Jersey and in the west all of the other teams with playoff aspirations are of no surprise at this point in the season. Miami, led by top scorer in points per game, Dwyane Wade, are currently 9th in the eastern conference standings. Last year, everyone remembers how atrocious they were. New York seems to be hitting its stride under the tutelage of former Phoenix head coach, Mike D’Antoni as they are 8-8 and 8th in the standings. Finally, the previous season’s trade between the Dallas Mavericks and New Jersey Nets has finally begun to payoff, as the Devin Harris led Nets are 8-7, 6-4 in their last ten, and 7th in the east.The Upstarts from last year that are proving their worth are as follows; in the east it’s the Orlando Magic, the Atlanta Hawks, while in the west we have Portland and Denver. The Magic currently sit at 3rd and atop the eastern conference standings at 13-4 going 9-1 in their last ten. Dwight Howard, Jameer Nelson, Rashard Lewis, and Hedo Turkoglu and company are really hitting their stride. The continued and improved production of guard/forward Keith Bogans and the extra lift provided by off season veteran pick up Anthony Johnson as point guard have been stalwart.The Hawks slid a bit after starting off 5-0 mainly because of losing Josh Smith for the next few months, but have regained form and are now 10-6 and 5th in the eastern conference.In the west the Portland Trailblazers, continue to look like a team of the future with stars Brandon Roy, LaMarcus Aldridge, and the potential of first-year NBA players like Rudy Fernandez, and Greg Oden. They are now tied with Phoenix, Denver, and Houston at 11-6 while going 7-3 in their last ten games.Denver’s success can be attributed to the trade of Chauncey Billups for Allen Iverson. The Nuggets are 11-6 and 7-3 in their last ten while holding 3rd place in the west. They have had many impressive victories and performances as they beat Boston in Boston, and took the Lakers to the brink of a loss in L.A.Now come the disappointments. The Detroit Pistons are hovering somewhere between average and above average. Although they are 10-5 and in 4th place in the east, they are suffering some inexcusable losses, most recently a 10+ point loss to Minnesota, do not yet seem to have their act together with Allen Iverson skipping the thanksgiving day practice (however, I do give huge props to Michael Curry for taking charge by suspending him for one game), and are not nearly as consistent as they were when they had Chauncey Billups in the lineup.The other eastern disappointments for the eastern conference are the Toronto Raptors, Philadelphia 76ers, and Washington Wizards.The Raptors just 8-7 and are barely holding a spot in the eastern conference as the 7th seeded team. With capable point guard Jose Calderon, and former all-start Jermaine O’Neal, they should be doing better.The Sixers were a team last year that without Elton Brand finished 6th in the east and took Detroit to six games in the playoffs. Now with virtually the same team and Elton Brand, they are struggling to find their rhythm and are 7-9 and 5-5 in their last ten. As for the “Wiz Kids,” although without injured star Gilbert Arenas they may not have been a playoff contender anyway, they are still abysmal with their 2-12 record which is good for worst in the east. Last season they played without Arenas for the most part, but still managed to finish above .500 and make the playoffs. They have now fired their coach Eddie Jordan and are in a state of disarray.The disappointments in the west are the New Orleans Hornets, Dallas Mavericks, and L.A. Clippers. The Hornets finished second last year and were one game away from the western conference finals. They are now 9-6 and 7th in the standings in the west. The Mavericks are 8-8 and look like they are ready to get their act together one game, and then go back to mediocrity the next. As for the Clippers, you would think they could be more competitive than their 3-13 record would suggest with the pickup of marquee point guard Baron Davis. Oh well.As for the Spurs, I’m sure a lot of people would like to put them in as a disappointment, but they have been playing without Manu Ginobli for the entire season (who is set to return soon), and Tony Parker has just returned from his injury earlier in the season. To further their defense, they are now 9-7 and 7-3 in their last ten while being 8th in the west.Finally we come to the top dogs in the league.In the east you have the Cleveland Cavaliers with their 14-3 records, 9-1 in the last ten games, and 2nd place spot in the standings. They have put together a bevy of blowouts on their opponents this season, and the addition of a scoring point guard in Mo Williams has been absolutely huge for them.The second team that has picked up right where they left off from last year is the Lakers. They are 13-1 and making mince meat out of would be superpower teams and have the best record in the NBA.But the pinnacle of all teams continues to be the Boston Celtics. They’re 16-2 and are still dominating defensively and continue to get great production from their supporting cast members. And although the Lakers get much help from their bench and up and coming players, let’s face it… the Celtics are still the champs.The last three teams I must mention are the Houston Rockets, Phoenix Suns, and Utah Jazz. To me, these three teams are in a state of limbo. Houston would look to be an upstart, but they can’t seem to keep their stars, Tracy McGrady and Yao Ming, healthy. The Suns seem like the same team as last year, which wasn’t a contender anyway, and the Jazz keep being a team with potential that can’t seem to build on it.That would about sum up the NBA season at or around its quarter mark. We’ll look to see who shifts from wherever they were in this discussion and who remains where they are in the coming weeks. As for those that I did not include in this article… you really just aren’t worth mentioning (Chicago, Indiana, Milwaukee, Charlotte, Golden State, Minnesota, Sacramento, Memphis and Oklahoma City).Tagged: allen iverson, amare stoudamire, andre kirilenko, andrew bynum, antawn jamison, atlanta hawks, baron davis, Basketball, Boston Celtics, brandon roy, carlos boozer, carmelo anthony, caron butler, chauncey billups, chris bosh, cleveland cavaliers, corey maggette, dallas mavericks, denver nuggets, derek fisher, deron williams, detroit pistons, devin harris, dirk nowitski, Dwayne Wade, dwight howard, dwyane wade, elton brand, gilbert arenas, greg oden, houston rockets, jason kidd, jason terry, jermain o'neal, joe johnson, josh smith, Kevin Garnett, Kobe Bryant, L.A. Lakers, lamar odom, lamarcus aldridge, lebron james, manu ginobli, Miami Heat, michael beasley, mike bibby, mo williams, Nate Robinson, NBA, new jersey nets, New York Knicks, orlando magic, Pau Gasol, Paul Pierce, phoenix suns, Playoffs, portland trailblazers, quentin richardson, rafer alston, rasheed wallace, Ray Allen, rudy fernandez, san antonio spurs, Shaq, shaqueal o'neal, shawn marion, standings, stephone marbury, steve nash, tim duncan, tony parker, toronto raptors, tracy mcgrady, utah jazz, vince carter, yao mingSpurs Offense Sputtering without Star Manu Ginobli?November 1, 2008 by AlexV · 1 CommentWith Manu Ginobli out, the trio of Duncan, Parker, and Finley look to be the big three for San Antonio.The San Antonio Spurs are not at their best, obviously, when Manu Ginobli isn’t in the lineup, and many league analysts attribute the loss of his extra offense to their early woes. However, I believe their problems originate elsewhere.Last night, it wasn’t a lack of offense that kept San Antonio out of the game. The cutting and driving lay-ups and mid-range jumpers of Tony Parker (24pts), and hooks and short J’s of Tim Duncan (27pts) kept the Spurs in the game. But still, their were two other contributors for the Spurs last night; starter Michael Finley chipped in 16 points, and off-season free-agent acquisition Roger Mason scored 14 on 6-7 shooting… also helping to keep San Antonio in the game. The four player’s point totals adds up to 81 of the 99 their team posted altogether. That really isn’t bad considering teams like the Washington Wizards get an average of 70+ points from their big three, Gilbert Arenas (when actually healthy), Antawn Jamison, and Caron Butler, and are still one of the highest scoring teams in the Eastern Conference, if not the entire NBA.The problem with last night’s loss wasn’t a lack of offense for the Spurs, but a lack of defense, and the fact that they allowed 13 offensive boards and countless second chance points to the Trail Blazers. Add that to a hot 10-18, 26 point, shooting night by Brandon Roy, and the Spurs still only barely lost.For all the grief the Spurs offense is receiving, the problems look to be emanating more from a lack of fundamental basketball skills, a phase of the game that this team has shown to be the greatest at over the past several years. If they can get back to actual Spurs basketball and not allow a team so many offensive boards, they’ll be back on track as one of the top five teams in the West.Don't count out Roger Mason Jr. He may become a sleeper for the Spurs this season.Tagged: brandon roy, injury, manu ginobli, michael finley, NBA, portland, roger mason, San antonio, spurs, tim duncan, tony parker, trail blazers / News Archive / An Taisce calls for strong Climate Change Bill and re-evaluation of the sustainability of Food Harvest 2020An Taisce calls for strong Climate Change Bill and re-evaluation of the sustainability of Food Harvest 2020October 9, 2013 / January 21, 2022 by admin | Leave a commentAn Taisce – the National Trust for Ireland – expressed concern at today’s release of the Environmental Protection Agency’s (EPA) report showing that greenhouse gas emissions increased by 1% in 2012. To counter this, An Taisce calls on the government to deliver a strong Climate Change Bill with binding targets and to re-evaluate the sustainability of Food Harvest 2020.Ireland’s greenhouse gas emissions were shown to have increased by 0.58 million tonnes in 2012 to 57.92 million tonnes compared to 2011 according to the latest figures released by the EPA.The report showed that agriculture remains the single largest contributor to overall emissions, with 32.1% of the total, followed by energy and transport, with 21.9% and 18.8% respectively.David Garvey, agri-environment officer with An Taisce, commented “The recent Food Harvest 2020 Environmental Analysis Report already predicts a failure by the government to meet its emissions targets under the EU Climate Change and Renewable Energy Package. Indeed the report predicts an increase in greenhouse gas emissions associated with agriculture of 8.5% by 2020 in comparison with the base period of 2007-20092”.Garvey further stated “This planned increase in emissions makes a nonsense of the Government’s pledge to meet the commitments set out in the Climate Change and Renewable Energy Package, which will require a reduction of 20% of agricultural and transport emissions by 2020 compared with 2005 levels.”This is all the more startling given that scientists from the Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change (IPCC) have just warned with more certainty than ever before of the risks that climate change pose to the environment and food security.The above information has been taken from An Taisce press release.Public Consultation on the implementation of the UNECE Aarhus Convention in IrelandMassive increase in emissions from dirty fuels highlights the lack of coordination in Government policies Performing real stories in artificial settingsMost of the time Dante and I are coaching someone that is preparing for a performance, we are focused on helping them tell their authentic story in an engaging way. We explore the balance of keeping the story real while making adjustments for the artificial setting of a stage. Let’s admit it, it feels weird […]Tools: Sarah AdamsOn May 8, 2014, the Tools exhibit took place at the Big Car Service Center. This piece is by Sarah Adams. I am a woman of few words. I can cook an entire meal with one fork. Dirtying only one utensil. That is all. Sarah AdamsTools: Brian VentrescaOn May 8, 2014, the Tools exhibit took place at the Big Car Service Center. This piece is by Brian Ventresca. Corners, to be precise, inside corners, are always a dilemma because they, in theory are always 90 degrees, but in reality never are. Which for the most part never concerns anyone, but for a carpenter, it […]Tools: Philip CampbellOn May 8, 2014, the Tools exhibit took place at the Big Car Service Center. This piece is by Philip Campbell. My mother is the youngest of five children and I am the youngest of three, so my grandfather was “old” when I was born. I was given his middle name as my middle name. Willian Hayden […]Tools: Matt MillerOn May 8, 2014, the Tools exhibit took place at the Big Car Service Center. This piece is by Matt Miller. My tool opens people up to the world. It makes learning possible that could never be possible otherwise. It’s inexpensive, but what comes out of it is priceless and invaluable. My tool: a webcam. I’m a […]Tools: Bill FoleyOn May 8, 2014, the Tools exhibit took place at the Big Car Service Center. This piece is by Bill Foley. How the photographic image was created and the commonly used tools remained unchanged for nearly 100 years- roll and sheet Film, processed in wet darkrooms and then printed, by hand and machines. With the introduction of […]On May 8, 2014, the Tools exhibit took place at the Big Car Service Center. This piece is by Sarah Adams. In the era of do-it-yourselfers, my Corner Vice remains the single most important tool proclaiming my profession. It expects perfection and if received, delivers perfection. My corner vices strictly allow for 90o angles assembled from 2 sticks […]Tools: Nhat TranOn May 8, 2014, the Tools exhibit took place at the Big Car Service Center. This piece is by Nhat Tran. Urushi artists use small bamboo tubes like this one to sprinkle metal powder meticulously onto a lacquered surface. Simple though it may look, designing this tube requires careful thinking and patient crafting. The core needs to […]Tools: John AprilOn May 8, 2014, the Tools exhibit took place at the Big Car Service Center. This piece is by John April. My tool is my job. After university, I spent 6 years looking for a job to support my writing practice. The process of looking for a job all but drove me crazy and nearly destroyed my […]Tools: Julie CrowOn May 8, 2014, the Tools exhibit took place at the Big Car Service Center. This piece is by Julie Crow. There is no implement I love more than the broom, and few activities I find more pleasant than sweeping. Everybody, everywhere sweeps. It’s universal. It’s like meditation. It is meditation. It’s simple, direct […] Tag Archive for: utahYou are here: Home / Blog / utahShould You Get A Prenup?August 15, 2019 /in Helpful Information /by huntsman_adminIt’s no secret that prenups are pretty controversial. Unless you and your spouse are incredibly wealthy, it can be pretty hard to justify getting one because no one wants to think about their marriage ending before it has even begun. But one thing that everyone has to accept is that no matter what marriage will always end, either from death or divorce. You have to take the good with the bad. Prenups can include what will happen to your shared assets after your spouse dies, not just if you get a divorce. If you and your spouse want to prepare for the worst-case scenario, then a prenup should be nothing to be ashamed about. Here are some things to consider when deciding if you should get a prenup.Your Current AssetsThe most obvious case is if one or both people make a significant amount of money. Like six- digits-a-year-or-higher type of money. While divorces are a bitter thing, dividing finances can be one of the worst parts of a miserable process. But a prenup is a way to divide up what was already yours, to begin with so you won’t leave a marriage with less than what you came into it with. The laws vary from state to state about what you can put into a prenup, some only allowing you to put financial affairs while others allow to include personal information (like how much each person can weigh), But they mostly focus on what is going to be divided in the case of a divorce.Your Current DebtsWhen you get married, you are with your spouse for better or worse, and that “worse” can mean taking on your spouse or ex-spouse’s debt. So it is not surprising that millennials, which have the most debt in history, are choosing to sign prenups. According to this survey, 50% of lawyers report an increase in millennials seeking prenups before getting married. Student debt has increased by 300% from Gen X to Millennials, so it makes sense that they are not wanting to take on the debt of their partner as well. Prenups are generally limited to what each person owned before the marriage and not after, but there are other laws that can help protect you from taking on your spouse if they rack up a ton of debt during the marriage, but there are not many. Before marriage and during the marriage, it is important for both people to stay on top of their finances and hold the other person accountable.Current Issues That Prenups Can and Cannot CoverAs stated before, most prenups cover property, money, and marital agreements. While each is a case by case basis that is decided between each spouse and their lawyer, a lot of people use it to protect their own personal assets. If someone owns a house before the marriage, they may create a prenup that says that they are entitled to keep the house under their name, provided that they pay to maintain it. What it cannot cover is illegal activity and issues of child custody. Prenups cannot limit a parent’s responsibility for a child or determine child custody before marriage.When two people get married, they should both be responsible enough to decide what is best for them. If they believe that a prenup is what is best for their marriage, then that should be between them. Marriage is complicated and tricky, and sometimes it can be filled with regrets. A prenup may not protect you from personal decisions and loss, but it can protect you from financial strife down the road if it ever comes to that.The Physical and Mental Effects of DivorceAugust 1, 2019 /in Advice, Helpful Information /by huntsman_adminThere are many studies to suggest that getting a divorce does not just affect your emotional state, but it can also take a toll on your physical health. If you are considering or have already gotten a divorce, make sure to watch out for these symptoms or to try and be proactive to counteract them. Getting a divorce can be one of the hardest things that people got through, but there are ways that you can counteract the negative physical and mental outcomes.Just like with any long term stressful situation, it can wreak havoc on your long term health. Anxiety during a divorce is usually sky high, and it can cause you to have a myriad of other health problems. When you are stressed, your body releases adrenaline into your system that causes your “fight or flight” response. Over time, having adrenaline built up in your system manifests itself in many different ways. You can feel moody, irritable and nauseous. You might have trouble sleeping, gain or lose weight, lash out at people, have heart palpitations, weakened immune system, high blood pressure or IBS. There are a lot of symptoms that develop from anxiety and stress, so it is important to acknowledge if you start to notice them so you can stay on top of them right away. We live in a day and age where mental health is acknowledged and encouraged to be taken care of, so there are many healthy ways that you can deal with your anxiety that is proven to work.When going through a divorce, it is normal to feel betrayed, sad, insecure and angry. But once those feelings start to disappear and are replaced with a feeling of numbness, that could be a sign of depression. Anxiety and depression can only be treated and diagnosed by a medical professional, but there are some common signs that can indicate that you need to seek professional help. Many symptoms of anxiety and depression overlap, so it can be hard to know which one you have, but if you can’t sleep or experience excessive sleepiness, irritability, hopelessness, thoughts of suicide, lack of concentration, or repetitive thoughts, weight gain or loss, or apathy persistently, then you should see help right away. Therapy is always a good step in the right direction in helping you take steps for recovery.In long term study released by the AHA academic journal, they found that women who had been through a divorce were 24% more likely to have a heart attack. Women who experienced multiple divorces were 77% more likely to have a heart attack. People who went through a divorce were also more likely to develop chronic conditions like heart disease and diabetes and have mobility issues later in life.While these are troubling statistics, the reality of the situation is that these are the side effects of long term stress, which can be caused by a number of things. Unfortunately, as humans, we will always be prone to stress and dealing with the aftermath. The best thing that you can do for yourself is to be strong enough to admit when you need help, surround yourself with friends and family, know that you are not alone, and understand that you deserve to be happy.Staying Together for the KidsJuly 15, 2019 /in Advice, Helpful Information /by huntsman_adminYou have probably heard that phrase before, or maybe you tell it to yourself. It would have been easier to walk away from a bad relationship before there were children involved, but now there are a lot of factors to consider. Everyone wants what is best for their children, and staying in a miserable marriage to make sure that they are happy is a very tough decision to make that can have some negative consequences in the long run. Raising kids is very difficult and fulfilling work, but it can be terrifying to think that you would be doing it on your own. Here are some aspects to consider when thinking about staying together just until the kids have moved out.One of the biggest risks, if not the biggest risk is that if kids grow up in a contentious household they will start to imitate those behaviors and will carry it with them for the rest of their life. Parents that are constantly bickering or putting each other down will be viewed as part of a normal relationship and they seek out relationships that mimic that. It is very true that we marry and date people that have similar traits as our parents, and if those traits are fighting, nitpicking, anger, and resentment, then children who grow up with that will gravitate towards that later on, starting the cycle all over again.When parents are so wrapped up in their own problems either with work or with each other, it can have the unintended consequence of neglecting some aspects of their children’s lives. Maybe it is easier to go out to eat every night then to try and cook a healthy meal, or if one parent is going to an event the other won’t attend because it is easier to split. Children can still be raised in a home and given everything that they need but still feel emotionally neglected from their parents if their parents are emotionally distant from them.CoparentingParents are a team. You and your spouse should feel united in your common cause to make sure that your children are raised happy and healthy. Once that team falls apart it can be hard if not impossible to fake it for the kids. Communicating becomes harder, parenting styles differ, and chaos starts to take over. It can be hard to imagine not having someone around to help with day to day tasks, but it can be as equally hard having someone around that is questioning all of your decisions. There are a lot of parents that are great co-parents either before, during, or after a divorce, but if that doesn’t work for you and your spouse, don’t feel guilty. Human emotions are complicated and even though your love for your children will unite parents, sometimes it’s not enough to keep them together.When deciding to stay together for the kids, it’s important to understand that kids are only as happy as their parents. If that means separating, it will be better in the long run. If there is still love in the marriage and you believe that it can be salvaged, then working through your problems might be beneficial and you will be happy that stayed for the kids to show them that even though marriage is tough, it is important to solve your problems. If there is ever a case of abuse, then there are available resources to you and your children so you can get out safely. Divorce is never easy, especially when there are kids involved, but if the only thing keeping you from separating is because you want to fake it for the kids, then maybe it is time to evaluate your options and speak with professionals.Adultery and DivorceJuly 1, 2019 /in Advice /by huntsman_adminNo one wants to believe that their spouse would cheat on them, especially after being married for a while. But unfortunately, it does happen. Maybe it came as a surprise, maybe it didn’t. But how do you move forward from a betrayal like that? Should you race and get a divorce lawyer as fast as you can? Should you wait it out and see if your marriage can be fixed? Do you cheat on them to get revenge? Despite what rom-coms tell you, cheating in a relationship isn’t as glamorous as it sounds. More often than not, one or both people get hurt and it can’t be easily fixed. It is difficult to know how you should proceed, but there are some steps you can take.Either it’s for you or you and your spouse, you probably want some outside professional guidance. Being cheated on can make you feel angry, betrayed, insecure, depressed, and vengeful but these feelings are normal. It’s how you handle those feelings that can make all the difference. You are not the first person who has been cheated on and you won’t be the last, so a good therapist knows how to guide those feelings of resentment to a healthy outlet that won’t lead you to any rash decisions that you will regret later. If you believe that your marriage can be saved or if you need a mediator to talk between you two, couples therapy might be the way to go. It can be very beneficial for both of you, or it can be the push you need to make the final decision to divorce them.Everyone’s relationship is a private matter, but it can be cathartic to talk about it with people that love and support you. Sometimes you won’t want to tell anyone what happened out of shame, or you’ll want to post it all over social media to expose what a liar they are. Both of these are a bad idea. If you never confide in anyone and bottle up all your emotions, your resentment will grow and your marriage will fall apart faster than it already has. If you tell everyone, it invites everyone to have an opinion on your relationship, even if you didn’t ask for it. Having someone that you can turn to in this time of emotional distress will help you personally heal.Understand that you are still loved and infidelity is not a reflection on your character, it is a reflection on theirs. You don’t have to understand their motives or support them or even forgive them, but you should understand the whole truth. Don’t try and excuse their behavior, but the more honest and open you are with each other will determine if you can move on together or if you should move on without them.If you, or both of you, decide that the relationship cannot go on any longer, a divorce is the right step. Maybe this was the last straw or the only straw, but you have to do what you know is right for you. Legally, there are few situations where cheating affects the settlement of a divorce case unless one spouse uses funds from the shared accounts to support cheating. There are also consequences if the cheating spouse exposed the children to the relationship or other unsafe practices. Getting a divorce from an unloyal spouse can be both empowering and heartbreaking, so it is always important to put your mental and physical health first.New Hobbies, New YouJune 15, 2019 /in Advice /by huntsman_adminIf you are going through a divorce, it is no secret that your life is going to be turbulent for the foreseeable future. One way that you can combat the stress and anger of a divorce is to find new hobbies that you enjoy. It is important to find hobbies that will help you grow and change as a person and not ones that leave you in a self-destructive rut. Finding the time and motivation to learn something new can be difficult when all you want to do is wallow in sadness, but I promise you that if you take your pent up emotions and put them towards something productive you will be able to cope with all the changes that your life is going through. Here is a list of hobbies that you may have always wanted to try or you could get back into.This one is great because exercise alone will help you in more ways than one. Exercising produces endorphins, relieves stress, lowers anxiety, makes you look and feel your best. But many people hate how boring and hard the gym can be, so by joining a class you can make it fun and learn a new skill! Joining a class or taking private lessons will hold you accountable, let you meet new people and can make exercising feel like a game. Maybe it’s time to pull out the old tennis racket, cinch on a martial arts belt, or put on some dancing shoes and break out of your comfort zone. Learning a new sport can be just the thing that helps you cope with your divorce in a healthy way and it creates positive habits for the rest of your life.Maybe you did all of the cooking in your last marriage, maybe you did none of it or maybe you split it evenly. Either way, improving your skills is an enjoyable pastime with a yummy outcome. Now that you are cooking for yourself, you can focus on the cuisine that you really enjoy. What you don’t want to do is start eating cheap and easy junk food, because let’s face it, most of us stress eat. Taking cooking classes will keep you eating healthy, help you socialize, and may help you discover a hidden talent you didn’t know you had.Creative EndeavorsNo one said that you had to be a creative genius to pick up a paintbrush. The best thing about being creative is that it allows you to express yourself at your own pace. Maybe you don’t want to spend the money to take personalized classes (they can be very expensive) but writing, painting, reading, and crafts are all relatively cheap options. Writing can be a great tool for self-guided therapy and it is very cathartic. Whether it is short stories, journal entries, poetry, or even just getting your confused thoughts on a page, writing has proven positive benefits for mental health. Quiet creativity is a powerful tool to turn to when you are feeling down or nervous, and it provides a personal outlet for stress. No one has to see your work until you want them too, so you can do something for you that you feel proud of. There are hundreds of thousands of tutorials online that teach you to do almost anything that you would want for free!Going through a divorce can be hard, but the fall out can be even harder. Make sure to surround yourself with friends and family, dance to your favorite music, watch your favorite movies and just know that it is only a roadblock, not a permanent destination. Picking up a new hobby is something that will create a positive and much-needed distraction, and will help you on your journey of healing.Getting Married as a Child of DivorceJune 1, 2019 /in Advice, Helpful Information /by huntsman_adminIf you are the child of divorced parents, you might think about marriage differently than your peers growing up. The divorce rate hit an all-time in the 1980s when it was almost 50%. But now that Millennials, who were born between 1980-1996, are products of that statistic, they view marriage differently than their parents. The divorce rate is now decreasing and it is hovering around 40% thanks mostly in part to Millennials and their marrying habits. Millennials are getting divorced less because less of them are getting married. There is a reason chick flicks and rom-coms are so popular, and it’s because we want to believe in the possibility that true love exists. But in reality, growing up with divorced parents can make you behave differently in relationships. Many thought pieces have been written about how children of divorced parents approach relationships, but here are some of the common traits:Overly CautiousWhile some people love to throw themselves into a whirlwind relationship, children who grew up with divorced parents might hold onto caution and not throw it to the wind. They are wary about who they date, who they say “I love you” to and who they get into long term relationships with. Because they don’t believe that relationships will end in happy ever after, they can’t just sit on the sideline and let the relationship take its course, they tend to overanalyze everything. The benefit is that they have realistic expectations of love. They know that it takes effort between two people, and they are willing to wait to marry the person they are sure is right for them.While this is a generalization, it is worth noting that some people may experience some form of separation anxiety as a result of their parent’s divorce. This may result that they overly clingy with partners or they may seem very aloof in order not to get attached. This can be particularly hard especially when just dating around, but with therapy and self-reflection, people can recognize negative behaviors that can be acknowledged and changed over time.Fall in Love with their ParentsIf the only example they had growing up of a relationship was a tumultuous one, there is a very high likelihood that they will fall in love with someone who can give them that same relationship. As humans, we learn the meaning of love from our parents, so if our parent’s love comes with conditions, then we will tend to look for those same conditions in our partners. If, for instance, you have a loving father but he is very needy, then you will grow up believing that someone expresses love by needing you all the time even if you didn’t like that trait in your father. It can be hard to recognize the same flaws in your potential partner that are similar to your parents, and sometimes they aren’t there at all, but they can cause long term problems.Humans will always be flawed, its in our nature. Having a high divorce rate or a low divorce rate does not mean that one generation is better than the other, or that couples are doomed from the start. But if you did grow up with divorced parents, you might notice that you don’t relate to hopeless romantics as much as you would like to. Love and relationship have been studied by psychologists for a very long time, but people’s individual needs and wants will always vary from relationship to relationship.Steps to Take Before DivorceMay 15, 2019 /in Advice, Helpful Information /by huntsman_adminIf there is one thing that almost everyone can agree on, it’s that human relationships are complicated. If only we could live in a fairytale, where after we marry someone, we can ride off into the sunset together. But the truth, is a lot of people get divorced for many different reasons. These reasons can be deeply personal or glaringly obvious, but in the end, it is the couple’s choice. But in some cases how do you know if getting a divorce will solve your problems? There are steps you can take before signing the divorce papers that might save your marriage or will help you solidify the decision to end it.Identify Problems to Find SolutionsSit down and write down all the frustrations you have about your spouse. They can be as petty or as deep as you want them to be, just take some time out of your day to gather your thoughts. If you immediately take them to your spouse, chances are going to cause more harm than good. So journal your thoughts and feelings and ruminate on them for a couple of days. Thinking through some of your problems and researching the solutions can be a helpful start to fixing your marriage. Maybe the cracks in your marriage were not as big as you thought, but you won’t know until you have a clear idea of what is going wrong.I know it is cliche, but it works. Just like having a mediator in a divorce case can help you navigate through your problems, being able to talk to a trained professional will be very beneficial to both you and your spouse, especially if every conversation leads to a fight. The catch with couples therapy is that you have to be willing to put in the work that is assigned to you, not to just show up and say that you tried. It can be very difficult to open up to a stranger, but choosing a professionally licensed therapist with lots of experience will give you the tools you need to have a healthier, happier life. But going to therapy is not always about saving your marriage, sometimes it will help you see that you don’t want to be married anymore and that can be the better option.Taking a MomentThis can mean a couple of different things. Maybe take a moment for yourself to get away from the stress, or you can take a moment together and see if you can work out your problems in a different environment. Probably the last thing you want to do is go on a romantic getaway with your spouse, but if it will help you rekindle the spark that you once felt for each other, it will be worth it. It does not have to be anything fancy, it can even be a staycation just for a weekend, but getting out of the house, away from friends, kids, parents, and jobs might help you see if that maybe your marriage isn’t falling apart, instead it is just outside stress that is causing you to fight amongst yourselves.Getting married is a hard decision, staying married is a hard decision, and getting divorced is a hard decision. There is no guarantee that one choice will make you the happiest. In most cases, if a couple decides to get a divorce, they probably have already gone to throughSmall Business and DivorceMay 1, 2019 /in Advice, Helpful Information, Legal Information /by huntsman_adminSplitting assets in a divorce is a complicated and lengthy process. But what about a business? Depending on who owns the business and how much it is worth, even more complicated. All the details of separating a business cannot be covered in one blog post, but it can cover some general questions that people may have about the future of their business.Establishing Who Owns ItIn a divorce case, in order to split up assets equally, it has to be established what is separate and what is marital. Separate means that it was owned by one person before the marriage and therefore will be retained by that same person, or if it was bought after the couple was married and therefore it needs to be split evenly. If a couple started a business after they were married, then the business interest will belong to both people evenly, and you must go from there. But in more complicated situations, sometimes a business can be started by a spouse ten years prior to getting married, but after the couple is married and they share finances, then whatever money was invested into the business from the personal savings can be given to the other spouse in court. For instance, let’s say that Mark owns a business ten years before he met Jessica. While married, Mark invests $10,000 of their personal savings into his business and it grows exponentially. Now when they are getting divorced, Jessica is entitled to half $10,000 even if she doesn’t own the business itself.Splitting Up AssetsThere is a reason that a lawyer is needed to help with the divorce process. Trying to value and split assets can almost be impossible without financial and legal help. The husband may be a partial owner of a company and then when he gets divorced, the judge might order him to pay out for all their personal assets including half of his worth in the company. Now, what if the husband knew that the company was going to be sold soon and he knew that his shares of the company were going to be much more valuable in the near future. If the divorce goes through before the company sells and the wife didn’t know about it, she might have a reason to sue.Trying to value what a company is worth is also a hassle. How much is a desk worth? Or the tables and chairs? How do you account for the fact that it has depreciated over time? Who gets to own the business after the divorce is settled? All these questions can only be answered by a lawyer on a case by case basis with a thorough dive into all the couples finances. These legal proceedings take time and money but it is better for everyone if they are done properly. The truth is there is no short cut to getting a divorce, but getting an experienced lawyer to walk you through the steps and will fight for what is yours will help expedite the process.How to Tell People You Are Getting DivorcedApril 15, 2019 /in Advice, Helpful Information /by huntsman_adminYour relationship with your spouse is a fairly private affair, but once you get a divorce it sometimes feels like all of your dirty laundry is aired in public. Close friends and family should be supportive and understanding, but what about co-workers? Or your children’s friend’s parents? Or even extended family members? Do you owe them an explanation as to why your spouse is no longer attending parties with you? It can be hard to talk about a divorce, especially when it is still painfully recent. Here are some tips that help you break the news to others while still allowing yourself to have boundaries.Who Should Speak First?Do you go to friends and family and tell them first? Do you wait until they approach you to avoid starting an awkward conversation? The truth is, people are going to talk no matter what. You can get ahead of the gossip by telling people how you want the discussion to go. It will help your family and friends if they hear it directly from you first, but you are not obligated to go into details right away. There are multiple ways that you can spread the news that doesn’t require you to speak with people face to face. Sending out a text message might be a little too cold, but an email or a letter will allow you to organize your thoughts without having a barrage of questions thrown at you. It will also give people time to craft their own response that is more thoughtful. When it comes to extended friends, family and acquaintances, it is best to have a pre-thought out response. News travels fast, and people you haven’t talked to in a long time are bound to hear about it even if you didn’t want them to.If you have an automatic response, it will be easier to avoid unwanted advice or questions if you say something to the effect of “X and I are getting a divorce. I appreciate your concern but this is something that is I need to work through and it is very private so I don’t care to go into any more detail right now.” Most people are very understanding but if someone keeps pressing for details you have a right to let them know that they are being rude.You will probably experience a lot of pain an emotion leading up to the divorce, so you may want to take that out on your ex-spouse. You will regret dragging people into your divorce if you tell them all the details right away. Posting a message on social media for everyone to see can create unwanted attention that you might not have the emotional ability to handle right now. Bashing your ex-spouse in public will create more problems than solutions and it can be used against you in court. If you feel like you have to talk to someone then a therapist, who provides an unbiased opinion, will be a great option for you and they can help guide you through your grief. People mean well when they give you unsolicited advice and want you to talk to them, but they are not trained professionals that are contractually obligated to secrecy.There is no right way to talk about a divorce. Both parties will say and do things that they will regret later on, or tell people secrets that they wished they hadn’t. There is no way that you are going to avoid the rumors, but you can stay on top of them. Telling people exactly what details you deem important enough and ignoring all the gossip that surrounds it will help you navigate your divorce until you get to the other side. The truth is, people will care about your divorce for only a short time and then move on with their own lives. The best thing you can do for yourself is to surround yourself with close friends and family and try and move on as well.Divorce After AdoptionApril 1, 2019 /in Advice, Helpful Information /by huntsman_adminFor most children, divorce will be a confusing and traumatic time. But if they are adopted, it might make the situation even more difficult. Children might experience attachment issues, anger issues or even lash out in unpredictable ways. The laws surrounding custody of adoption cases are pretty straightforward but the emotional turmoil that is can cause won’t be. There are many resources out there that can help you and your family get through this trying time, especially for children.Custody laws for AdoptionIf a child is legally adopted by both parents, then in the court of law, they are treated the same way as a biological parent. Both parents will be eligible to get full or partial custody of the children and they will receive visitation rights. If only one parent is the adoptive parent and the other if the biological parent, then it will be much more difficult for an adoptive parent to get full custody unless they can prove that the children are much better off without the biological parent. The best course of action in a divorce is to always have a lawyer mediate, especially with custody battles because they will be the ones to help you get the most rights to see your children.How to Help ChildrenMoving forward, your main concern should be helping your kids cope. There are many ways that you and your ex-spouse can create a working co-parenting system. If you both have your children wellbeing in mind, then you and your spouse will still create a loving home that your children will still feel loved and welcome.Always reassure the children that it is not their fault. They might be feeling abandoned, and those feelings might be compounded by the fact that they are adopted. Children are much more perceptive than people realize and so talking bad about ex-spouse can create tension that your children don’t want to be in the middle of. Consider getting professional therapy to help your kids deal with the transition of having divorced parents, and to help them cope with their emotions. Sometimes children who are adopted might feel like their mothers did not “want them” so divorce can make them feel like it is their fault. If you and your ex-spouse diligently work with your children to let them know that they are not to blame, it can help them cope with negative emotions. If they are switching houses back and forth, their everyday routine is thrown into chaos and it will add more stress in their lives. Helping them understand their new routine, and trying to keep as much of their old life in a place as possible will help ground them. Try and create new happy memories with your children to let them know that you can still have a happy home even after divorce. Click Here for Items Related To - Dow Jones Industrial AverageDow Jones Industrial Average on: [Wikipedia] [Google] [Bing] [Yahoo] [DuckDuckGo] [Baidu]The Dow Jones Industrial Average (DJIA), Dow Jones, or simply the Dow (), is a stock market index of 30 prominent companies listed on stock exchanges in the United States. The DJIA is one of the oldest and most commonly followed equity indexes. Many professionals consider it to be an inadequate representation of the overall U.S. stock market compared to a broader market index such as the S&P 500. The DJIA includes only 30 large companies. It is price-weighted, unlike stock indices which use market capitalization. Furthermore, the DJIA does not use a weighted arithmetic mean. The value of the index can also be calculated as the sum of the stock prices of the companies included in the index, divided by a factor which is currently () approximately 0.152. The factor is changed whenever a constituent company undergoes a stock split so that the value of the index is unaffected by the stock split. First calculated on May 26, 1896, the index is the second-oldest among U.S. market indices, after the Dow Jones Transportation Average. It was created by Charles Dow, the editor of '' The Wall Street Journal'' and the co-founder of Dow Jones & Company, and named after him and his business associate, statistician Edward Jones. The word ''industrial'' in the name of the index initially emphasized the heavy industry sector, but over time stocks from many other types of companies have been added to the DJIA. The index is maintained by S&P Dow Jones Indices, an entity majority-owned by S&P Global. Its components are selected by a committee. The ten components with the largest dividend yields are commonly referred to as the Dogs of the Dow. As with all stock prices, the prices of the constituent stocks and consequently the value of the index itself are affected by the performance of the respective companies as well as macroeconomic factors.the Dow Jones Industrial Average consists of the following companies, with a weighting as shown:Former componentsAs of August 31, 2020, the components of the DJIA have changed 57 times since its beginning on May 26, 1896.General Electric General Electric Company (GE) is an American multinational conglomerate founded in 1892, and incorporated in New York state and headquartered in Boston Boston (), officially the City of Boston, is the capital city, state capital a ...had the longest continuous presence on the index, beginning in the original index in 1896 and ending in 2018. Changes to the index since 1991 are as follows: * On May 6, 1991, Caterpillar Inc., J.P. Morgan Chase, and the Walt Disney Company replaced American Can, Navistar, and U.S. Steel. * On March 17, 1997, Travelers Inc., Hewlett-Packard, Johnson & Johnson, and Walmart replaced Westinghouse Electric, Texaco, Bethlehem Steel, and F. W. Woolworth Company. * On November 1, 1999,Microsoft Microsoft Corporation is an American multinational corporation, multinational technology company, technology corporation producing Software, computer software, consumer electronics, personal computers, and related services headquartered at th ..., Intel, SBC Communications, and Home Depot replaced Goodyear Tire, Sears Roebuck, Union Carbide, and Chevron Corporation. Intel and Microsoft became the first and second companies traded on the NASDAQ to be part of the Dow. * On April 8, 2004, American International Group, Pfizer, and Verizon Communications replaced AT&T Corporation, Kodak, and International Paper. * On February 19, 2008, Chevron Corporation and Bank of America replaced Altria Group and Honeywell. Chevron was previously a Dow component from July 18, 1930, to November 1, 1999. During Chevron's absence, its split-adjusted price per share went from $44 to $85, while the price of petroleum rose from $24 to $100 per barrel. * On September 22, 2008, Kraft Foods Inc. replaced American International Group (AIG) in the index. * On June 8, 2009, The Travelers Companies and Cisco Systems replaced Motors Liquidation Company (formerlyGeneral Motors The General Motors Company (GM) is an American Multinational corporation, multinational Automotive industry, automotive manufacturing company headquartered in Detroit, Michigan, United States. It is the largest automaker in the United States and ...) and Citigroup. Cisco became the third company traded on the NASDAQ to be part of the Dow. * On September 24, 2012, UnitedHealth Group replaced Kraft Foods Inc. following Kraft's split into Mondelez International and Kraft Foods. * On September 20, 2013, Goldman Sachs, Nike, Inc., and Visa Inc. replaced Alcoa, Bank of America, and Hewlett-Packard. Visa replaced Hewlett-Packard because of the split into HP Inc. and Hewlett Packard Enterprise. * On March 19, 2015, Apple Inc. replaced AT&T, which had been a component of the DJIA since November 1916. Apple became the fourth company traded on the NASDAQ to be part of the Dow. * On September 1, 2017, DowDuPont replaced DuPont. DowDuPont was formed by the merger of Dow Chemical Company with DuPont. * On June 26, 2018, Walgreens Boots Alliance replaced, which had been a component of the DJIA since November 1907, after being part of the inaugural index in May 1896 and much of the 1896 to 1907 period. * On April 2, 2019, Dow Inc. replaced DowDuPont. Dow, Inc. is a spin-off of DowDuPont, itself a merger of Dow Chemical Company and DuPont. * On April 6, 2020, Raytheon Technologies replaced United Technologies. Raytheon is the name of the combination of United Technologies and the Raytheon Company, which merged as of April 3, 2020. The newly combined conglomerate does not include previous subsidiaries Carrier Global or Otis Worldwide. * On August 31, 2020, Amgen, Honeywell, and Salesforce.com replaced ExxonMobil, Pfizer, and Raytheon Technologies.Investment methodsInvesting in the DJIA is possible via index funds as well as via derivatives such as option contracts and futures contracts.Mutual and exchange-traded fundsIndex funds, including mutual funds and exchange-traded funds (ETF) can replicate, before fees and expenses, the performance of the index by holding the same stocks as the index in the same proportions. An ETF that replicates the performance of the index is issued by State Street Corporation (). ProShares offers leveraged ETFs that attempt to produce three times the daily result of either investing in () or shorting () the Dow Jones Industrial Average.Futures contractsIn the derivatives market, the CME Group through its subsidiaries the Chicago Mercantile Exchange (CME) and the Chicago Board of Trade (CBOT), issues Futures Contracts; thE-mini Dow ($5) Futures (YM)which track the average and trade on their exchange floors respectively. Trading is typically carried out in an open outcry auction, or over an electronic network such as CME's Globex platform.Options contractsThe Chicago Board Options Exchange (CBOE) issues option contracts on the Dow through the root symbol DJX. Options on various Dow-underlying ETFs are also available for trading.The following table shows the annual development of the Dow Jones Index, which was calculated back to 1896.In 1884, Charles Dow composed his first stock average, which contained nine railroads and two industrial companies that appeared in the ''Customer's Afternoon Letter'', a daily two-page financial news bulletin which was the precursor to '' The Wall Street Journal''. On January 2, 1886, the number of stocks represented in what is now the ''Dow Jones Transportation Average'' dropped from 14 to 12, as the Central Pacific Railroad and Central Railroad of New Jersey were removed. Though comprising the same number of stocks, this index contained only one of the original twelve industrials that would eventually form Dow's most famous index.Initial componentsDow calculated his first average purely of industrial stocks on May 26, 1896, creating what is now known as the ''Dow Jones Industrial Average''. None of the original 12 industrials still remain part of the index. * American Cotton Oil Company, a predecessor company to Hellmann's and Best Foods, now part ofUnilever Unilever plc is a British Multinational corporation, multinational Fast-moving consumer goods, consumer goods company with headquarters in London, England. Unilever products include food, condiments, bottled water, baby food, soft drink, ice cr .... * American Sugar Refining Company, became Domino Sugar in 1900, now Domino Foods, Inc. * American Tobacco Company, broken up in a 1911 antitrust action. * Chicago Gas Company, bought by Peoples Gas Light in 1897, was an operating subsidiary of the now-defunct Integrys Energy Group until 2014. * Distilling & Cattle Feeding Company, now Millennium Chemicals, formerly a division of LyondellBasell. *, still in operation, removed from the Dow Jones Industrial Average in 2018. * Laclede Gas Company, still in operation as Spire Inc, removed from the Dow Jones Industrial Average in 1899. * National Lead Company, now NL Industries, removed from the Dow Jones Industrial Average in 1916. * North American Company, an electric utility holding company, broken up by the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) in 1946. * Tennessee Coal, Iron and Railroad Company in Birmingham, Alabama, bought by U.S. Steel in 1907; U.S. Steel was removed from the Dow Jones Industrial Average in 1991. * United States Leather Company, dissolved in 1952. * United States Rubber Company, changed its name to Uniroyal in 1961, merged with private Goodrich Corporation in 1986, tire business bought by Michelin in 1990. (The remainder of Goodrich remained independent several more years but was acquired by United Technologies in 2012 and became a part of UTC Aerospace Systems, now Collins Aerospace, a Raytheon Technologies subsidiary.)When it was first published in the mid-1880s, the index stood at a level of 62.76. It reached a peak of 78.38 during the summer of 1890, but ended up hitting its all-time low of 28.48 in the summer of 1896 during the Panic of 1896. Many of the biggest percentage price moves in the Dow occurred early in its history, as the nascent industrial economy matured. In the 1900s, the Dow halted its momentum as it worked its way through two financial crises: the Panic of 1901 and the Panic of 1907. The Dow remained stuck in a range between 53 and 103 until late 1914. The negativity surrounding the 1906 San Francisco earthquake did little to improve the economic climate; the index broke 100 for the first time in 1906. At the start of the 1910s, the Panic of 1910–1911 stifled economic growth. On July 30, 1914, as the average stood at a level of 71.42, a decision was made to close down the New York Stock Exchange, and suspend trading for a span of four and a half months. Some historians believe the exchange was closed because of a concern that markets would plunge as a result of panic over the onset ofWorld War I World War I (28 July 1914 11 November 1918), often abbreviated as WWI, was List of wars and anthropogenic disasters by death toll, one of the deadliest global conflicts in history. Belligerents included much of Europe, the Russian Empire, .... An alternative explanation is that the United States Secretary of the Treasury, William Gibbs McAdoo, closed the exchange to conserve the U.S. gold stock in order to launch the Federal Reserve System later that year, with enough gold to keep the United States on par with the gold standard. When the markets reopened on December 12, 1914, the index closed at 74.56, a gain of 4.4%. This is frequently reported as a large drop, due to using a later redefinition. Reports from the time say that the day was positive. Following World War I, the United States experienced another economic downturn, the Post–World War I recession. The Dow's performance remained unchanged from the closing value of the previous decade, adding only 8.26%, from 99.05 at the beginning of 1910, to a level of 107.23 at the end of 1919. The Dow experienced a long bull run from 1920 to late 1929 when it rose from 73 to 381 points.Dow Jones Closing Prices 1921 to 1930. Automationinformation.com. In 1928, the components of the Dow were increased to 30 stocks near the economic height of that decade, which was nicknamed the Roaring Twenties. This period downplayed the influence of the Depression of 1920–21 and certain international conflicts such as the Polish–Soviet War, the Irish Civil War, the Turkish War of Independence and the initial phase of theChinese Civil War The Chinese Civil War was fought between the Kuomintang-led government of the Republic of China and forces of the Chinese Communist Party, continuing intermittently since 1 August 1927 until 7 December 1949 with a Communist victory on m .... After a peak of 381.17 on September 3, 1929, the bottom of the 1929 crash came just 2 months later on November 13, 1929, at 195.35 intraday, closing slightly higher at 198.69. The Wall Street Crash of 1929 and the ensuingGreat Depression The Great Depression (19291939) was an economic shock that impacted most countries across the world. It was a period of economic depression that became evident after a major fall in stock prices in the United States. The Financial contagion, ...over the next several years returned the average to its starting point, almost 90% below its peak. Overall for the 1920s decade, the Dow still ended with a healthy 131.7% gain, from 107.23 to 248.48 at the end of 1929. In inflation-adjusted numbers, the high of 381.17 on September 3, 1929, was not surpassed until 1954. Marked by global instability and the Great Depression, the 1930s contended with several consequential European and Asian outbreaks of war, leading up to catastrophicWorld War II World War II or the Second World War, often abbreviated as WWII or WW2, was a world war that lasted from 1939 to 1945. It involved the World War II by country, vast majority of the world's countries—including all of the great power ...in 1939. Other conflicts during the decade which affected the stock market included the 1936–1939 Spanish Civil War, the 1935–1936 Second Italo-Abyssinian War, the Soviet-Japanese Border War of 1939, and theSecond Sino-Japanese War The Second Sino-Japanese War (1937–1945) or War of Resistance (Chinese term) was a military conflict that was primarily waged between the Republic of China (1912–1949), Republic of China and the Empire of Japan. The war made up the Chinese ...of 1937. The United States experienced the Recession of 1937–1938, which temporarily brought economic recovery to a halt. The largest one-day percentage gain in the index happened in the depths of the 1930s bear market on March 15, 1933, when the Dow gained 15.34% to close at 62.10. However, as a whole throughout the Great Depression, the Dow posted some of its worst performances, for a negative return during most of the 1930s for new and old stock market investors. For the decade, the Dow Jones average was down from 248.48 at the beginning of 1930, to a stable level of 150.24 at the end of 1939, a loss of about 40%.Post-war reconstruction during the 1940s, along with renewed optimism of peace and prosperity, brought about a 33% surge in the Dow from 150.24 to 200.13. The strength in the Dow occurred despite the Recession of 1949 and various global conflicts.During the 1950s, the Korean War and theCold War The Cold War is a term commonly used to refer to a period of Geopolitics, geopolitical tension between the United States and the Soviet Union and their respective allies, the Western Bloc and the Eastern Bloc. The term ''Cold war (term), co ...did not stop the Dow's climb higher. A nearly 240% increase in the average from 200.13 to 679.36 ensued over the course of that decade.The Dow began to stall during the 1960s as the markets trudged through the Kennedy Slide of 1962, but still managed a respectable 18% gain from 679.36 to 800.36.The 1970s marked a time of economic uncertainty and troubled relations between the U.S. and certain Middle-Eastern countries. The 1970s energy crisis was a prelude to a disastrous economic climate along with stagflation, the combination of high unemployment and high inflation. However, on November 14, 1972, the average closed at 1,003.16, above the 1,000 mark for the first time, during a brief relief rally in the midst of a lengthy bear market. Between January 1973 and December 1974, the average lost 48% of its value in what became known as the 1973–1974 stock market crash, closing at 577.60 on December 4, 1974. In 1976, the index reached 1,000 several times and it closed the year at 1,004.75. Although the Vietnam War ended in 1975, new tensions arose towardsIran Iran, officially the Islamic Republic of Iran, and also called Persia, is a country located in Western Asia. It is bordered by Iraq and Turkey to the west, by Azerbaijan and Armenia to the northwest, by the Caspian Sea and Turkmeni ...surrounding the Iranian Revolution in 1979. Performance-wise for the 1970s, the index remained virtually flat, rising 4.8% from 800.36 to 838.74.The 1980s began with the early 1980s recession. In early 1981, the index broke above 1,000 several times, but then retreated. After closing above 2,000 in January 1987, the largest one-day percentage drop occurred on Black Monday, October 19, 1987, when the average fell 22.61%. There were no clear reasons given to explain the crash. On October 13, 1989, the Friday the 13th mini-crash, which initiated the collapse of the junk bond market, resulted in a loss of almost 7% of the index in a single day. During the 1980s, the Dow increased 228% from 838.74 to 2,753.20; despite the market crashes, Silver Thursday, an early 1980s recession, the 1980s oil glut, the Japanese asset price bubble, and other political distractions. The index had only two negative years in the 1980s: in 1981 and 1984.The 1990s brought on rapid advances in technology along with the introduction of the dot-com era. The markets contended with the 1990 oil price shock compounded with the effects of the early 1990s recession and a brief European situation surrounding Black Wednesday. Certain influential foreign conflicts such as the 1991 Soviet coup d'état attempt which took place as part of the initial stages of theDissolution of the Soviet Union The dissolution of the Soviet Union, also negatively connoted as rus, Разва́л Сове́тского Сою́за, r=Razvál Sovétskogo Soyúza, ''Ruining of the Soviet Union''. was the process of internal disintegration within the Sov ...and the Revolutions of 1989; the First Chechen War and the Second Chechen War, the Gulf War, and the Yugoslav Wars failed to dampen economic enthusiasm surrounding the ongoing Information Age and the "irrational exuberance" (a phrase coined by Alan Greenspan) of the dot-com bubble. Between late 1992 and early 1993, the Dow staggered through the 3,000 level making only modest gains as the biotechnology sector suffered through the downfall of the Biotech Bubble; as many biotech companies saw their share prices rapidly rise to record levels and then subsequently fall to new all-time lows. The Dow soared from 2,753 to 8,000 between January 1990 to July 1997. In October 1997, the events surrounding the 1997 Asian financial crisis plunged the Dow into a 554-point loss to a close of 7,161.15; a retrenchment of 7.18% in what became known as the October 27, 1997 mini-crash. However, the Dow continued climbing past 9,000 despite negativity surrounding the 1998 Russian financial crisis along with the subsequent fallout from the 1998 collapse of Long-Term Capital Management due to bad bets placed on the movement of the Russian ruble. On March 29, 1999, the average closed at 10,006.78, its first close above 10,000. This prompted a celebration on the trading floor, complete with party hats. Total gains for the decade exceeded 315%; from 2,753.20 to 11,497.12, which equates to 12.3% annually. The Dow averaged a 5.3% return compounded annually for the 20th century, a record Warren Buffett called "a wonderful century"; when he calculated that to achieve that return again, the index would need to close at about 2,000,000 by December 2099.On September 17, 2001, the first day of trading after the September 11 attacks, the Dow fell 7.1%. However, the Dow began an upward trend shortly after the attacks, and quickly regained all lost ground to close above 10,000 for the year. In 2002, the Dow dropped to a four-year low of 7286 on September 24, 2002, due to the stock market downturn of 2002 and lingering effects of the dot-com bubble. Overall, while the NASDAQ fell roughly 75% and the S&P 500 fell roughly 50% between 2000 and 2002, the Dow only fell 27% during the same period. In 2003, the Dow held steady within the 7,000 to 9,000-point level and recovered to the 10,000 mark by year end. The Dow continued climbing and reached a record high of 14,198.10 on October 11, 2007, a mark which was not matched until March 2013. It then dropped for the next year due to the Financial crisis of 2007–2008. On September 15, 2008, a wider financial crisis became evident when Lehman Brothers filed for bankruptcy along with the economic effect of record high oil prices which had reached almost $150 per Barrel of oil equivalent, barrel two months earlier. The Dow lost more than 500 points for the day, returning to its mid-July lows below 11,000. A series of bailout packages, including the Emergency Economic Stabilization Act of 2008, proposed and implemented by the Federal Reserve and United States Department of the Treasury did not prevent further losses. After nearly six months of extreme volatility during which the Dow experienced its largest one-day point loss, largest daily point gain, and largest intraday range (of more than 1,000 points) at the time, the index closed at a new 12-year low of 6,547.05 on March 9, 2009, its lowest close since April 1997. The Dow had lost 20% of its value in only six weeks. Towards the latter half of 2009, the average rallied towards the 10,000 level amid optimism that the Late-2000s recession, the United States housing bubble and the financial crisis of 2007–2008, were easing and possibly coming to an end. For the decade, the Dow saw a rather substantial pullback for a negative return from 11,497.12 to 10,428.05, a loss of a 9.3%.During the first half of the 2010s decade, aided by the Federal Reserve's loose monetary policy including quantitative easing, the Dow made a notable rally attempt. This was despite significant volatility due to growing global concerns such as the 2010 European sovereign debt crisis, the Dubai World 2009 debt standstill, and the United States debt-ceiling crisis of 2011. On May 6, 2010, the Dow lost 9.2% intra-day and regained nearly all of it within a single hour. This event, which became known as the 2010 Flash Crash, sparked new regulations to prevent future incidents. Six years after its previous high in 2007, the Dow finally closed at a new record high on March 5, 2013. It continued rising for the next several years past 17,000 points until a brief 2015–16 stock market selloff in the second half of 2015. It then picked up again early 2016 and climbed past 25,000 points on January 4, 2018. On November 9, 2016, the day after Donald Trump's victory over Hillary Clinton in the 2016 United States presidential election, U.S. presidential election, the index soared, coming within roughly 25 points of its all-time intraday high to that point. Volatility returned in 2018 when the Dow fell nearly 20%. By early January 2019, the index had quickly rallied more than 10% from its Christmas Eve low. Overall in the 2010s decade, the Dow increased from 10,428.05 to 28,538.44 for a substantial gain of 174%.Despite the emerging COVID-19 pandemic, the Dow continued its bull run from the previous decade before peaking at 29,551.42 on February 12, 2020 (29,568.57 intraday on the same day). The index slowly retreated for the remainder of the week and into the next week, before coronavirus fears and an 2020 Russia–Saudi Arabia oil price war, oil price war between Saudi Arabia and Russia sent the index into a 2020 stock market crash, tailspin, recording several days of losses (and gains) of at least 1,000 points, a typical symptom of a bear market as previously seen in October 2008 during the Financial crisis of 2007–08, financial crisis. Volatility rose high enough to trigger multiple 15-minute trading curb, trading halts. In the first quarter of 2020, the DJIA fell 23%, its worst quarter since 1987. The market recovered in the third quarter, returning to 28,837.52 on October 12, 2020, and peaked momentarily at a new all-time high of 29,675.25 on November 9, 2020, at 14:00 ET, following that day's announcement of the success of the Pfizer–BioNTech COVID-19 vaccine in Phase III clinical trials. The Dow (as reported by the UPI) closed over 30,000 on December 31, 2020, at a record 30,606.48. On November 24, following news that the presidential transition of Joe Biden was approved, the Dow increased by more than 500 points, closing at 30,046.24.To calculate the DJIA, the sum of the prices of all 30 stocks is divided by a divisor, the Dow Divisor. The divisor is adjusted in case of stock splits, spinoffs or similar structural changes, to ensure that such events do not in themselves alter the numerical value of the DJIA. Early on, the initial divisor was composed of the original number of component companies; this initially made the DJIA a simple arithmetic average. The present divisor, after many adjustments, is less than one (meaning the index is larger than the sum of the prices of the components). That is: : \text = where ''p'' are the prices of the component stocks and ''d'' is the ''Dow Divisor''. Events such as stock splits or changes in the list of the companies composing the index alter the sum of the component prices. In these cases, in order to avoid discontinuity in the index, the Dow Divisor is updated so that the quotations right before and after the event coincide: : \text = = . the Dow Divisor is 0.15172752595384 and every $1 change in price in a particular stock within the average equates to a 6.590761918 (1 ÷ 0.15172752595384) point movement.Issues with market representationWith the inclusion of only 30 stocks, critics such as Ric Edelman argue that the DJIA is an inaccurate representation of overall market performance compared to more comprehensive indexes such as the S&P 500 Index or the Russell 3000 Index. Additionally, the DJIA is criticized for being a price-weighted index, which gives higher-priced stocks more influence over the average than their lower-priced counterparts, but takes no account of the relative industry size or market capitalization of the components. For example, a $1 increase in a lower-priced stock can be negated by a $1 decrease in a much higher-priced stock, even though the lower-priced stock experienced a larger percentage change. In addition, a $1 move in the smallest component of the DJIA has the same effect as a $1 move in the largest component of the average. For example, during September–October 2008, former component AIG's reverse split-adjusted stock price collapsed from $22.76 on September 8 to $1.35 on October 27; contributing to a roughly 3,000-point drop in the index. Goldman Sachs and UnitedHealth Group are among the highest-priced stocks in the average and therefore have the greatest influence on it. Alternately, Cisco Systems and Coca-Cola are among the lowest-priced stocks in the average and have the least sway in the price movement. Critics of the DJIA and most securities professionals recommend the capitalization-weighted index, market-capitalization weighted S&P 500 Index or the Wilshire 5000, the latter of which includes most publicly listed U.S. stocks, as better indicators of the U.S. stock market.Correlation among componentsA study between the correlation of components of the Dow Jones Industrial Average compared with the movement of the index finds that the correlation is higher when the stocks are declining. The correlation is lowest in a time when the average is flat or rises a modest amount.* Closing milestones of the Dow Jones Industrial Average * List of largest daily changes in the Dow Jones Industrial Average * William Peter Hamilton * S&P 500Dow Jones Industrial Average at NASDAQDow Jones Industrial Average at NYSE Euronext{{Authority control Dow Jones Industrial Average, 1896 establishments in the United States American stock market indices Dow Jones & Company S&P Dow Jones Indices Another Young Floridian Gets Arrested For Engaging In Ruff Sex With Her DogsMeet Miranda Johns.The 21-year-old Floridian was arrested this week after her boyfriend provided cops with photos and videos allegedly showing her engaging in sexual contact with her two dogs, according to a police report.Cops contacted Kurtz Villavicencio, 30, in connection with an allegation that he had sexually battered Johns. As reported by a Collier County Sheriff’s Office deputy, Villavicencio “provided me with his phone to show me evidence that he did not sexually batter Miranda.”The phone, Villavicencio said, contained "disturbing photos and videos" sent to him by Johns.Specifically, a cop noted, multiple videos showed Johns’s dogs “giving her oral sex while she masturbated.” One video showed Johns attempting to have a dog penetrate her, while a text message from Johns to Villavicencio noted that one of the animals “likes the taste of your cum.”After seizing the phone, investigators confronted Johns, who claimed that Villavicencio (seen at left) was “interested in her having sex with animals.” Other statements Johns made to police have been redacted from the report.Johns, a Naples resident, was arrested on three misdemeanor counts of engaging in sexual conduct with an animal. She was released from custody Monday after posting $6000 bond, and is due in court on April 13.Last June, another Florida woman, Ashley Miller, was arrested on charges similar to those filed against Johns. The 19-year-old Miller, who was accused of having sexual contact with her pit bull, recently entered into a deferred prosecution agreement that will result in the dismissal of criminal charges if she completes a pre-trial intervention program.animal sex, FloridaTwerp, 18, Tells Cops He Has Job And Money, But Burglarizes Cars To Ease His BoredomMan Arrested For Failing To Return VHS Movie He Rented In 2001 Tag Archives: brainstormingMaking of Tom TapsJoben has a wonderful 10-year old son named Tom. Tom, being an energetic and witty kid that he is, has a hard time expressing his feelings, needs and wants as he is non-verbal and was diagnosed with autism when he was 2.Using his software development skills, Joben started tinkering on his iPad and developed a simple communication app that will work best with Tom’s needs. It wasn’t much before, it was very simple, it was mostly black, but the concept behind it answers all of Tom’s needs. He called it Tom’s App for the time being.Tom’s App was simple and easy to use, but has a big room for improvement. He noticed the potential of Tom’s App in helping other kids struggling with being non-verbal, and looked for a team to start working on converting the app into a product. He found two developers in the person of Abby and Xerez, and a graphic designer in Roxy. The three started with Tom’s App with this in mind: To provide a high-quality and affordable mobile communication application that will help kids with special needs to express themselves better.While the passion to use their skills is there, there is no doubt that the team has a lot to learn when it comes to dealing with special needs. They started their learning journey by researching existing hardware and software products . They discovered that the market already has a considerable number of mobile apps targeted to assist people with special needs, and surprisingly, most of these are motivated by the same situation: they know somebody who needs it. This tidbit of information, while being a challenge to the business, was actually inspiring. Having to learn that there are others trying their hardest to provide the best services to people who need it the most, encouraged the team to dedicate time and effort into making this app.Learning from the internet is not enough, however. They needed to get out of the building to talk to people who knew more about the subject matter, learn from their experiences, and identify the pains and needs that are still not addressed by existing solutions. With this, the team visited from one speech therapy centre to another, talking with occupational and speech therapists, teachers and parents alike. Discussions about the app and conversations about their experiences enlightened everybody about the pains and rewards of having a person with special needs in their life. We also had the opportunity to play with the kids at the centre and with much delight, observe how they learned in the school environment. With this newfound knowledge, the team geared up for work.One of the centres visited was ABLE, owned and managed by Teacher On. He taught us about the importance of learning about the self first, and thus we gave much emphasis on the “I” on our first Speak Version.The app Words and Blocks was made to have Tom and the other kids test it and for us to be able to take down notes on their reaction when using a tablet.Abby started development work on the iOS. Initial modules and content were provided by Tom’s mom, Lizle, and Jasmine, a former special education teacher. Roxy, with the help of graphic designer Glomark, drew the first batch of 300 cards in the first version. During this time, the Bubble Sort app, a sorting game, was being developed by Xerez on the side. The whole team was excitedly bustling with work, keeping images of the kids in their minds while doing what they did best.The group started by making low-fidelity designs that will focus on the placement of elements so they can make sure it will work when it comes to making the real thing.The team loved discussing and brainstorming on the possible features of the app.The first design had different colours depending on the preference. It also revolved around having only categories to navigate around the cards.Two months of developing, drawing, discussing and testing led to the first version of the app: a clean, easy-to-use, intuitive and kid-friendly app catering to the communication needs of people with developmental disabilities. Since the team wanted Tom’s App to catch worldwide attention to be used and to be able to help people, something had to be done about the generic name. They wanted to keep the essence of being inspired and continually motivated by Tom, and so the team kept Tom’s name. On the other hand, they felt the need to identify themselves as a technology-driven company, to emphasise their utilisation of the mobile technology, and to pay tribute to this breakthrough that was able to help a lot of people. And so, the team thought: If the 90’s and the early 00’s was the era of “clicking”, the trend now can attest that the era today is the advent of “tapping”. Thus, the team finally called the app “Tom Taps”.Upon deployment, Tom Taps was able to receive warm reception from mothers, fathers, teachers, even with people with special needs. Testimonials, stories, feedback and suggestions were received by mail every now and then. The heartwarming response was a wonderful reward for the work the team put into making the app. It was more interesting to note that people who took notice of the app consist not only of those directly affected by the cause, but also those who want to learn more about the situation. From then, Tom Taps knew that this just evolved from being a side project, to being a full-blown product, to being a worthy advocacy.Tom Taps was invited by the student organisation in St. Scholastica College in Manila to talk about autism and Tom Taps Speak.Being a technology company, the team participated in the first PSIA Softcon as an exhibitor. Tom Taps was able to attract attention as having a product with a unique target audience.As part of the initiative to get involved in the special needs advocacy more, Tom Taps attended 2014’s Angels Walk for Autism, where 10,000 other angels participated in spreading awareness about autism in the world and in the Philippines.The work does not stop on the first version, though. The wonderful suggestions given by the people using the app has to be accomplished, one of these was about having a customisation feature. The team had to re-assess and redo the flow of the app to take into consideration the user experience, the improvement of the existing features and the introduction of the new capabilities. After months of development from scratch, Tom Taps is now on its second version to answer all your needs, and then some.You will now be able to add your own cards and boards using your photos or our pre-made pictures.Now, there is a letter board for those who have a more comfortable time typing.If you can’t say it with anything else, say it with a doodle! Tom Taps Speak Version 2 now has a whiteboard feature for your artistic streaks.If you are a special needs teacher, an occupational or speech therapist, drop a line using the contact form in the website and we’ll give you a free trial for the features stated above.Send us your thoughts, Tom Taps loves having them. Truly, the work never stops, and the team will continue to strive to deliver the service that best fits the needs of the kids who have a lot to say.aac, brainstorming, communication app, development, ideas, tom taps speakGet updates from us!Theme by SiteOrigin.Tom Taps Choosing a Writing Paper ServiceWhether you are looking for Professional Research Paper Services or a writing service that is custom There are many options available for you to pick from. Below are some of the most popular services:Custom writing essay serviceBuying a custom essay is not an easy thing to do, so you should select the right service in order to be sure the essay is done correctly. If you’re not sure which direction to take, you might want to consider the options offered by Writink. They offer skilled writing help at an affordable cost. This is a great option to students who struggle with making writing assignments.A reliable custom writing company will also give you many additional features, like a no-cost bibliography and free revisions, as well as free formatting and much more. If you’re not happy with the order, most essay writing firms will give you an exchange or refund.It is possible to contact your writer by using professional writing services. Poor communication could lead to negative results. Trustworthy companies will safeguard your information with encryption.Additionally, you should know that some companies will only employ a client information form. But the most trustworthy companies will have a real person who can guide you through the process. This is the ideal method to choose since a live individual can explain every step of the process and also answer any questions you may have.A top essay writing Services will also ensure that your paper is well conducted and written by a qualified writer. There is several professional writers who are native English users. It is an excellent way to achieve the consistency and quality you are looking for.The finest custom writing services will provide you with papers that not simply impress your professor but and will also assist you in improving your writing abilities. An excellent custom essay company should be able deliver the paper punctually. Plagiarized paper can also negatively influence your marks.The best custom writing essay service will consider your instructor’s requirements and will provide you with the best quality, professionally written paper. Certain companies will even provide complimentary revisions so that you are able to correct any mistakes in your paper.Companies that write research papers could assist you in easing some tension in the classroom. However, you may want to make sure you are making use of the correct services. There are several companies who https://throm197580242.frewwebs.com/17569932/how-post-crafting-providers-generate-content-for-clientele offer similar products.For you to select the ideal company to write your research paper it is important to evaluate every service in light of its strengths and limitations. Certain firms provide low-cost services and are secure, while some charge a high price and provide poor high-quality papers.Students usually have writing many essays throughout high school or college. They also have to engage in activities outside of school https://martinvbdow.develop-blog.com/18660079/paper-writing-services and look after their family members. It can be difficult to find time to write in the midst of an full schedule. If you’re deciding to hire an online writing service, be sure https://gregoryrqkfx.thekatyblog.com/15768768/paper-writing-services to compare prices as well as reviews so that you can make the most informed decision.Writing a research paper is not just a job for reputable writing services and can assist to improve your writing skills. Students with poor ability to write and this may negatively impact their academic achievement. A professional writer can help you with this task, and he or she does not take any information that comes from students or sites.The best service should also offer a cost calculator to ensure that you receive an exact quote before making an order. Additionally, several sites provide their clients a guarantee for security and confidentiality.The customer service aspect is another factor that should be considered when you are assessing the quality of research paper writing services. A lot of websites offer 24/7 customer support, which could help students in particular. The best service should also allow you to have the option of selecting a writer you prefer in order to guarantee you high-quality papers over the entire term.It’s legal to employ an online service to write research documents. But, it is important to ensure that the order is placed with an established firm. If a business has bad ratings, it could be an indicator. But, it is not a problem to concentrate on your studies when you know the company you pick is right.A professional research paper writer service can assist you with your difficult job of writing research papers and give you time to enjoy your time with your loved ones.SpeedyPaper is an excellent choice for professional writing such as paper writing, dissertation writing, thesis writing, research and other reports. Users love SpeedyPaper’s simplicity of use and professional paperwork.It’s user-friendly and also comes with a smartphone app that lets you order and pay. Customers are also able to request revisions before they receive the finished product. SpeedyPaper will provide three revisions at no cost for those who require. Also, you can apply for money-back and discounts. Contact Customer Support to ask any questions or for assistance. The support team at customer service is courteous, knowledgeable, and polite.SpeedyPaper has a wide range of rates, which are based on the date, kind of paper, and complexity of your assignment. After placing your order and the breakdown of costs will be provided. On the Free Essays section, you can choose from many examples. You can also upload additional materials.SpeedyPaper has a money back policy, meaning customers can get a full and complete refund if they don’t like the work. If the cost that you pay isn’t what you anticipated, it is possible to request an adjustment. Requests can be made to add a writer or editor. The academic writers’ team is ready to assist.SpeedyPaper offers customer support 24 hours a day. Customers are able to contact https://connor86396.blog-kids.com/14593146/how-post-producing-services-compose-information-for-clients the firm via live chat or mail, or via phone. They are also on Facebook and YouTube. Also, it has a substantial number of reviews on the internet that have been rated highly.SpeedyPaper is very popular among students. They offer papers without plagiarism or grammatical errors. You get a full refund when the essay is more than the time allowed. It’s very easy to navigate through the website and their staff are accommodating.SpeedyPaper is popular for its quick response time. Customers who use SpeedyPaper will get a response within 30 minutes. At times of high demand, it may be a busy time and may be a bit longer be able to get an answer. Also, it is important to note that you are able to request complete refunds if you double pay.WritemypaperbroUsing a custom paper writing service can make students more efficient, in addition to preventing them from completing a paper which does not meet their requirements. There are many options to pick from. One option is Writemypaperbro. The writing service is popular among students. The site is user-friendly and has a simple ordering procedure.Writemypaperbro is a custom writing service that offers low prices and high-quality work. Prices vary based upon the time frame, academic degree, as well as the length of work https://blog-post44208.blogacep.com/18053899/paper-writing-services required. The prices start at $10 per page. Additionally, you will be able to get discount coupons.There are many benefits to using a writing paper company, such as the fact that they cooperate with a variety of educational institutions. They also provide free plagiarism reports for each completed paper. Also, they offer a guarantee of a 100% refund. It’s simple to use and the staff is friendly.Prices are clear They are also able to meet customers’ expectation in all instances. They also offer discounts to new customers. Additionally, you can use VISA in addition to MasterCard. They also have the option of a VIP customer service. It gives priority for orders. The option also sends customers text updates on changes to orders.They employ a group of writers who have a range of academic backgrounds. They only work with skilled writers. They also offer a money back guarantee for late deliveries.While there are positive aspects for the business, some of its negatives include spelling errors, and lengthy processing time. They specialize in writing custom services. The company does not offer free revisions.There is also the option of communicating directly with the writer via this website. Writers are on hand to assist you whenever you need help. This is a plus, but there have been complaints over their grammar, the speed of processing and quality of paper.Apart from their writing service They also provide editing and proofreading. There are examples of their writing. They guarantee that their writers will be able that they will write papers of their own.Check out pricing, ordering process, ease-of-use for example. When searching for writers. The company’s credibility is also essential. Sewing TraditionCompany "Sewing Tradition" since 2004 engaged in the promotion and popularization of high-quality modern women's clothing manufactured in Belarus. We are located in Brest, Belarus, and have direct contact with clothing manufacturers. Our online store - www.mirtrik.by. Today we work in two directions: retail and wholesale supply. Contraception use as well as determinants out of 2016 EDHS studies Home helpsHow Enterprise Course of Administration Helps Your EnterpriseIn 2002 the company world within the United States was rocked with scandals. A divorced spouse who doesn’t meet the forty quarter minimal requirement and who was married for ten years to the same spouse, is entitled to 50{e6632e5ad3897a061d116d3f5a5e6cc0a0c60e74d703032ff9dd53636100f731} of their ex-spouse’s PIA (full retirement benefit) in the event that they wait till their full retirement age. For example, you might create a web site selling desk lamps.There are four methods to apply for Social Security: in particular person on the native Social Security Administration, on the telephone, on the web, or with help from a incapacity attorney. This is the reason your company stays one of many best choice providers amongst our staff especially in the case of selecting a coaching to be attended mostly in European international locations.Most lenders and buyers want to see that you have a transparent enterprise plan before they take a threat …Economic Helps For Companies, NonDistill your knowledge and experience so clients who do not have your experience are in a position to understand what it is you will be serving to them achieve. On March 11, 2021, President Biden signed The American Rescue Plan Act, which supplied $10 billion to fund the State Small Business Credit Initiative . SSBCI will fund state, territory, and Tribal government small business credit score assist and investment applications.It is guided and chaired by the Working Group on Business and Human Rights, as per Human Rights Council resolutions 17/4 and 35/7. This document details the principles developed by the Special Representative of the UN Secretary-General on the concern of human rights and transnational companies and other business enterprises. The Human Rights Council endorsed the Guiding Principles in its resolution 17/4 of 16 June 2011. Work with a banking associate for financial advice, assets and services primarily based on … Andreas Biller and his wife Maria settled in the Volga German colony of Beauregard on 27 August 1766. They are recorded there on the 1767 census in Household No. 6.The 1767 census records that Andreas Biller came from the German region of Portich. Mr. and Mrs. George SainsburyThe WSB began as The Weston Boys Band, founded in 1921 by George Sainsbury. Sainsbury began his musical life playing in a fife and drum band in his hometown of Fawley, England at the age of 12. Before emigrating to Canada in 1905, he founded his own fife and drum band which became a Brass Band in Littlehampton, England ( later to become the present day Littlehampton Concert Band ).Weston Town Band 1900Shortly after his arrival, he became bandmaster of the Weston Town Band. The outbreak of World War I brought civilian banding to a halt and Sainsbury took charge of the 220th Battalion Band and later, the Headquarters Band of Military District No.2World War II saw the majority of band members enlisting in the armed forces and the band ceased operations for the first and only time in its history, becoming the official band of the Canadian Field Artillery, before reforming under Sainsbury’s baton in 1946. With instruments in poor repair and financial support a continuing issue, the band became incorporated as a non-profit organization in 1947.From its top place finishes during the heyday of band contesting at the Canadian National Exhibition Band competitions in the 1960’s and 1970’s to its entry in the North American Brass Band Association’s competitions in North Carolina and Indianapolis in the 1980’s, the WSB continued to represent the proud tradition of brass banding in Toronto and the province of Ontario.In 1995, the WSB hosted the NABBA competition in Toronto which saw 15 bands from Canada and the US competing for top honours. Later in the year, Weston was honoured to be one of two bands representing NABBA at the Great American Brass Band Festival in Danville, Kentucky.US Open Brass Band Championships -2009The past decade has seen a revitalization of the band and organization, building a reputation for excellence musically as well as organizationally and receiving great reviews. Five time winners of the Hannaford Cup (2008, 2010, 2013, 2015, 2016), an annual Award of Excellence at Toronto’s Festival of Brass, as well as Best Soloist awards for members Brad Norton, cornet (2011) and Robert Miller, euphonium (2013) and Matt Ross (2015), the WSB has recently gained international recognition as a performing ensemble. In November 2009, the WSB became the first Canadian band invited to compete at the US Open Brass Band Championships, in Chicago, Illinois and placed third overall. In 2010, WSB Euphonium virtuoso Robert Miller was awarded US Open Best Soloist.North American Brass Band Championships – 2015In 2014, the WSB returned to competition at the North American Brass Band Championships after an 18 year hiatus, and is the first and only Canadian Brass Band to win section titles at the contest, winning first place honours in the 2nd section in 2014. Moving up to First Section in 2015, the WSB repeated their top prize winning result. Following a 2nd place finish in 2016, the WSB decisively reclaimed 1st place at The Championships in March 2017 and placed second in 2018. Weston Silver Band is the only Canadian Brass Band to ever win section titles at the contest.Presently, the WSB presents a concert series during the fall and winter season in Toronto at CBC’s Glenn Gould Studio, and maintains a busy performance schedule in venues throughout the GTA and southern Ontario.Richard Marshall with the WSB – 2011Weston Silver Band has been the host to a number of internationally renown brass soloists and clinicians, including Doug Yeo (Boston Symphony), Richard Marshall (Principal cornet, Black Dyke Band UK), Paul Duffy, Heather Bambrick, TorQ Percussion, Samba Squad and legendary Canadian jazz artist, Guido Basso.Brass bands have a long and proud history in Ontario and the WSB honours its history of providing a valuable and unique contribution to the rich musical heritage of this province. Our thanks to our supporters and we look forward to many more successful years of brass banding!Weston Silver Band Conductors1920 – 1950 George Sainsbury1950 – 1955 Horace Sainsbury1955 – 1956 Arthur Burgin1956 – 1958 Albert Dobney1958 – 1966 Wallace Mason1966 – Ted Robbins1966 – 1967 George Fitzgerald1967 – Percy Merritt1967 – 1969 George Swaddling1974 – 1978 Laurie Hiscock1978 – 1986 Douglas Field1986 – 1989 Robin McCubbin1989 – 1991 Morley Calvert1991 – 2002 Ron Clayson2003 – present Larry ShieldsWeston Silver Bands What Is A Bibliophile?A girl who's got her head in the clouds and her nose in a book.8:00 pm 14 June 2013Me and Earl and the Dying GirlThis book is definitely different than any book I have read before it. It left me with a lack of emotions at the end that I truly did not know how to handle. I felt empty, ambivalent confused. Did I like the book? Did I not? I could not tell at all. During the first half of the book, I felt as if I was not enjoying it as much as I could. I was already 100 pages in and nothing much had happened. Jesse Andrews used these pages to build up the world of Greg Gaines’s life and give background stories about him, Earl, and Rachel. The second half had more of a plot to it, but i felt as if I could predict what was happening next. I was not blown away by anything in this novel.Finally, after sitting on this review for a few days, I think I have discovered what it is about this book that caused it to be predictable and why it felt off to me. I realized that Greg and I are way too similar. I have never been one to cry about anything. I don’t feel bad when sad things happen, I more-so get annoyed that I don’t feel the same kind of emotions as many other claim to. I’m not sure if that is weird, or just how I am. I realized that Greg Gaines had this similar issue and it made me realize how real of a character Greg is.This book is real. It is disgusting in parts. It is not a story about triumph and love. It is real. It is a story about an event and that is what makes it great. Jesse Andrews is able to prove that you do not need a big, glamorous ending to a novel in order to leave a lasting impression. I’m glad I had this realization and I am glad I read this book, as well.Number of books: 182Twitter YouTube Goodreads 8 Things He Cares About If You Should Be The OnlyPosted on April 16, 2020 by Kersken in Rabbitscams Ebony8 things if he believes you’re the One who’s definitely wifey material: Making certain you realize it If a man is wanting to secure things straight straight down with you, he’s more concerned with being exclusive than playing the industry.… Soccer should be... AdidasIn Europe, Ford says "Destination Football", in the US Adidas claims "Soccer is Adidas". I believe no football, sorry, soccer fan in Europe will be interested in visiting the new Adidas soccer section dedicated to the MLS championship. Even if you look at the website EVB has created for the campaign, you can perceive soccer is a discipline which doesn't receive the same consideration (even in the US) as other sports such as basketball and football itself.The website is nothing more than a window on the US soccer teams. It's not a low budget (there are also some videos to enrich the content section), but you can't tell it hasn't got the same passion behind as other Adidas' online marketing efforts.Category(s): Online marketing southern-wedding-crepe-streamers20 October 2015 400 × 600 Aliciouswedding: What to DIY and what to leave to the prosPhoto source: http://southernweddings.com/2013/10/09/blackberry-cove-wedding-by-emily-weis/http://southernweddings.com/2013/10/09/blackberry-cove-wedding-by-emily-weis/ Search starts for young columnist to write for The Scottish SunYOUNG people, aged between 16 and 25, are being invited to compete for a column in The Scottish Sun.Column Idol – also involving London edition of the paper and the Media Trust charity – is being described as “an initiative to find raw, undiscovered writing talent and get young voices heard”.Adds the paper: “Fronted by Myleene Klass and Amy Macdonald, the competition offers 16-25 year olds the chance to be mentored by top journalists and have their opinions read by millions.”The competition is new to The Scottish Sun, but in its fourth year south of the border. Ten finalists (six from England and Wales, four from Scotland) will be chosen to compete for two columns (one in The Sun, the other in The Scottish Sun). The columns will appear in Autumn and the judging panels include The Sun’s editor, Dominic Mohan, and The Scottish Sun’s editor, Andrew Harries, and columnist, Lorraine Kelly.To enter, young people must submit a short description about themselves, what they’d like to write about and why they deserve to be crowned Column Idol 2013. The entry form can be found at www.mediatrust.org/columnidol. The deadline for entries is the 12th of next month.By Administrator · June 10, 2013 · Comments OffTags: Featured, The Scottish Sun« Media release writing: Training starting on ThursdayMedia Movers: Tina Callcutt, Tracey McNellan, etc » Adaptogenic, alkalinizer, alterative, anabolic, antacid, antibiotic, anti-cachexic, anti-diabetic, anti-dyscratic, anti-glycosuric, anti-infective, antioxidant, antiphlogistic (anti-inflammatory), anti-polyuric, antiseptic, antispasmodic, astringent, bacteriostatic (anti-bacterial), balsamic, biocatalyst, calmative, cell proliferant, cholagogue, choleretic, cytophylactic, cytotoxic, depurative, detoxicant, disinfectant, diuretic, hepatic, hyperglycemic, hyperinsulinemic, hypotensive, immuno-potentiating, immuno-stimulant, microbicidal (anti-microbial), nervine, nutritive, prophylactic, rejuvenative, systemic relaxant, restorative, sialagogue, spasmolytic, stimulant (circulatory and secretolytic), stomachic, tonic and viricidal (anti-viral).Alleviates any general fluids dyscrasia (abnormal or pathological condition) within the blood vessels (arteries, veins or capillaries) throughout the entire circulatory system and genito-urinary tract that leads to the onset of certain degenerative or debilitative conditions associated with blood sugar disorders in the form of diabetes (including albuminurinicus, brittle, chemical, gouty, innocens, insipidus, mellitus or toxic), hyperglycemia, hyperinsulinemia (dysfunction of the normal insulin mechanism), glycosuria (excessive accumulations of glucose in the blood or urine), polyuria (excessive urine excretions of low specific gravity), or pancreatic dysfunction (especially of the islets of Langerhans) accompanied by nephrotic syndrome, acidosis, gouty diathesis, muscle cramps, dry skin conditions, toxic poisoning, emaciation (loss of physical strength) or neurophypophyseal system dysfunction (due to injury), and eliminates any form of cachexia (state of malnourishment and general debility) within the arterial, venous or capillary system associated with the onset of various forms of glycosuria (such as alimentary, digestive, emotional, hyperglycemic, nervous, pathologic, renal and toxic) or polyuria while removing any chronic fatigue, exhaustion or weakness associated with excessive accumulations of sugars and toxic waste materials throughout the bloodstream and genito-urinary tract; relieves any form of diabetes (excessive urine excretion), due to (1) nephrotic syndrome, (2) oscillation between hyperglycemia and acidosis, (3) abnormal carbohydrate tolerance in the form of hyperinsulinemia or hyperglycemia (when subjected to stress loads of glucose), (4) gouty diathesis, (5) the presence of glycosuria, (6) inadequate tubular reabsorption of water in the kidneys, (7) inability to oxidize carbohydrates in conjunction with pancreatic dysfunction (especially in the islets of Langerhans), or (8) excessive accumulations of toxins; removes any diabetes insipidus (inherited, acquired or idiopathic metabolic disorder characterized by injury to the neurophypophyseal system) associated with deficient production or release of an anti-diuretic hormone that leads to inadequate tubular reabsorption of water in the kidneys, thereby producing copious amounts of urine (of low specific gravity) and extreme thirst accompanied by voracious appetite, loss of strength and emaciation; alleviates any diabetes mellitus (metabolic disorder characterized by the inability to oxidize carbohydrates) associated with pancreatic dysfunction (especially in the islets of Langerhans) and subsequent imbalance of the normal insulin mechanism, thereby producing hyperglycemia (along with glycosuria and polyuria) accompanied by excessive thirst, extreme hunger, emaciation, weakness, weight loss, dry skin conditions, poor healing capabilities, and impaired combustion of fats (lipids) that leads to acidosis, dyspnea (difficult breathing conditions), lipemia, and occasionally pruritis and lowered resistance to pyrogenic infections; eliminates any form of glycosuria (the presence or excretion of abnormally large amounts of sugar [glucose] in the urine), due to (1) the ingestion of processed sugar, (2) violent emotional responses, (3) hyperglycemia, (4) high concentrations of magnesium in the blood, (5) stimulation of the great splanchnic nerve, (6) inherited inability of the renal tubules to completely reabsorb glucose, or (7) excessive accumulations of toxic poisons; acts as a systemic alkalinizer, and displays antacid properties in order to eliminate any acidosis or uremic poisoning in the bloodstream; displays cholagogue and choleretic activity in order to remove any liver stasis (stagnation), and relieves any atonic conditions in the biliary channels or liver deficiencies (hepato-biliary insufficiency) associated with diabetes by promoting increased drainage; dispels any stagnant or excessive accumulations of bile, and stimulates the flow of bile directly into the duodenum; exhibits significant choleretic and cholagogue properties in order to remove any putrefaction or septicemia in the bloodstream, which ultimately leads to the development of autointoxication (auto-toxemia) throughout the entire circulatory system and genito-urinary tract; displays astringent properties (due to the presence of tannins) in order to strengthen the functional capabilities of the spleen (which is responsible for filtering the blood and releasing compounds that potentiate immune function), thereby maintaining proper blood supplies within the arteries, blood vessels and capillaries throughout the entire circulatory system; exhibits antispasmodic, balsamic, calmative, hypotensive, relaxant and spasmolytic effects in order to relax the smooth muscles throughout the entire organism, thereby removing any spasmodic contractions or muscle cramps associated with diabetes; exhibits cytophylactic and cytotoxic activity in order to provide stronger cellular defense mechanisms against many physical or chemical agents, and displays anti-infective and disinfectant properties in order to promote increased resistance by destroying any invasive or harmful pathogenic bacteria, microbes or viruses that are often responsible for various infectious states or inflammatory conditions; exhibits bacteriostatic, microbicidal and viricidal activity in order to strengthen and increase the resistance in the bloodstream against any invasive or harmful bacteria or microbes, as well as to inhibit the further development of any infectious or inflammatory conditions associated with the onset of diabetes or hyperglycemia; removes any general debility or exhaustion accompanied by global or localized dryness (particularly in the mouth or skin tissues associated with diabetes or hyperglycemia), which is usually caused by various internal inflammatory conditions; demonstrates significant antiphlogistic effects in order to inhibit the formation of certain inflammatory compounds (such as histamine, leukotrienes, prostaglandin, serine proteases and thromboxanes), as well as to reduce any severe inflammatory swelling associated with any degenerative conditions by exerting an extremely positive influence towards correcting any internal inflammatory conditions throughout the bloodstream and genito-urinary tract; exhibits significant antiseptic activity by destroying the vitality of any organized living ferments in order to prevent the onset of putrefaction or septicemia, and precipitates the proteins in any inflamed tissues in order to provide a mildly antiseptic and protective coating (under which the regeneration of new tissue occurs) for the mucous membranes and tissue-systems throughout the entire circulatory system; acts as an effective antiseptic in order to remove any septic conditions associated with tissue degeneration or ulceration, and promotes increased suppuration and a steady toning or restorative impression to the entire glandular system (especially the liver, spleen and lymph glands); displays biocatalytic activity in order to enhance greater assimilation of those essential nutrients that are necessary for the increased production of energy and vitality, thereby accelerating certain rejuvenative processes associated with the repair of any damaged blood vessels, mucous membranes, musculature or tissue-systems throughout the entire body; acts as a biocatalyst in order to accelerate and accentuate the transport of all the other herbal ingredients throughout the entire organism to specific parts of the body, especially the bloodstream and genito-urinary tract; accelerates all the cellular processes throughout the entire organism, and stimulates the intercellular metabolic activities without profoundly modifying the normal physiological action; acts as a cell proliferant in order to stimulate increased cellular mitosis (cell division and reproduction) in an adequate nutritional environment, as well as to accelerate the growth of healthy new cells by promoting increased granulation and greater resolution during the repair of any damaged blood vessels (arteries, veins and capillaries) throughout the circulatory system; displays cell proliferant activity in order to inhibit the normal aging process throughout the entire organism, thereby extending the overall lifespan of the various cells and tissue-systems in the blood vessels; exhibits anabolic activity in order to accelerate the production of DNA and RNA (which enhances the production of proteins in the form of antibodies), while increasing protein and lipid synthesis in the bone marrow and DNA/RNA content in the adrenals and lymph nodes (along with increased body weight and enhanced re-synthesis of glycogen and high-energy phosphate compounds); demonstrates powerful adaptogenic (balancing and strengthening) activity in order to increase the overall resistance of an organism towards any adverse influences or stressful conditions (whether they be physical, chemical or biological), especially throughout the immune system, bloodstream, musculature, and both the central (cerebro-spinal centers) and peripheral nervous systems; exhibits immuno-potentiating and immuno-stimulatory effects in order to enhance greater long-term immune potential and overall systemic immunity (or immune cell activity) and increased immune response (by activating the body's natural defense mechanisms), particularly in relation to the removal or restoration of any degenerative conditions throughout the bloodstream or genito-urinary tract; demonstrates hepatic activity in order to increase the flow of digestive fluids and bile secretion, while encouraging normal glandular secretions; displays stomachic properties in order to increase the production of gastric and pancreatic juices, which are necessary for the proper digestion of sugars and various other essential nutrients; demonstrates sialagogue activity in order to promote increased salivary flows, particularly during dry mouth conditions associated with diabetes; demonstrates hepatic activity in order to increase the flow of digestive fluids and bile secretion, while encouraging normal glandular secretions; acts as a secretolytic stimulant in order to promote increased gastric, pancreatic or intestinal secretory and motor activity, and enhances greater peripheral circulation (due to its antioxidant activity); exhibits significant antioxidant effects in order to provide greater oxygen-transport capabilities throughout the bloodstream and genito-urinary tract, as well as enhance the transport of additional oxygen directly into the cells and tissue-systems throughout the blood vessels (arteries, veins and capillaries); acts as a circulatory stimulant by increasing the blood flows throughout the circulatory system in order to enhance greater nutrient transport, absorption and utilization, thereby accelerating the healing processes associated with the repair of any nutritional deficiencies or insufficiency throughout the entire organism; acts as an effective nutritive and rejuvenative tonic to the bloodstream and genito-urinary tract during convalescence (due to the presence of rich sources of calcium, magnesium and phosphorus, as well as other assorted vitamins, minerals enzymes and vegetable hormones) in order to enrich, nourish and replenish any nutritional deficiencies or insufficiency throughout the circulatory system, which leads to the development of various degenerative or debilitative conditions associated with diabetes or hyperglycemia (such as excessive thirst, extreme hunger, emaciation, weakness, weight loss, dry skin conditions, muscle cramps, toxic poisoning, poor healing capabilities, and impaired combustion of fats [lipids] that leads to acidosis); demonstrates significant rejuvenative and restorative properties upon the basic plasma tissue-systems throughout the entire organism, thereby enhancing the production of vital bodily fluids while providing greater enrichment through increased assimilation of the various organic mineral salts; accelerates the recuperative processes that are essential in order to overcome any chronic degenerative or debilitative diseases or illnesses, while facilitating greater recovery response during convalescence in order to fully regain optimal health and well-being; possesses certain growth factors and chemical substances, which greatly assist in the repair and restoration of any diseased or worn-out cells or tissue-systems throughout the circulatory system and genito-urinary tract (as well as the entire organism); balances the chemical composition of the blood, and increases the formation of hemoglobin (averaging 15 percent) and red blood cells (up to 30 percent); activates the glands of internal secretion, and accelerates the healing processes throughout the entire organism; provides greater reinforcement and increased bodily resistance against any form of external aggression or toxic invasion, and expels any excessive accumulations of toxic waste materials from the arteries, veins or capillaries (due to modern or stressful living habits, processed foods, synthetic drugs or chemicals and various environmental pollutants); removes any bodily weakness or general debility caused by various toxic accumulations throughout the entire organism, and neutralizes the catabolic effects of various toxins, pollutants and synthetic drugs in order to produce healthy cellular development, greater longevity and increased well-being; activates the bodily processes of detoxification and elimination in order to cleanse and purify the bloodstream and tissue-systems, and increases both sensible and insensible perspiration in order to more effectively enhance the eliminative capabilities of the body; acts as an eliminative vasotonic to the blood, liver and splenic functions, as well as upon the eliminative functions of the lymphatic system; enhances the overall cleansing process by dilating the surface capillaries in order to more effectively remove any toxic debris or metabolic waste materials through the pores of the skin, and increases the secretion and elimination of urine in order to provide further support to the inner cleansing process; displays alterative activity in order to correct any disordered bodily function, thereby activating increased alterations in both metabolic and tissue functions as a defensive measure against the onset of acute or chronic disease; exhibits restorative effects in order to regain increased vigor or vitality and greater strength, while enhancing normal tissue and metabolic functional capabilities; demonstrates alterative and restorative properties in order to re-establish healthy systemic functional capabilities, as well as to establish greater vascular tone throughout the entire organism (due to its ability to stimulate increased secretory flows); exhibits alterative effects in order to stimulate the anabolic growth processes, thereby enhancing the repair of any degenerated, deteriorated and debilitated cells or tissues (while promoting the elimination of any catabolic waste materials); displays tonifying effects in order to permanently enhance the overall energy-levels throughout the entire organism, without adversely affecting the functional capabilities of any particular organ or system. My Dragonfly Spirit﻿Dragonfly SpiritI just came in from sitting on my front step. I love watching the masses of dragonflies that dance above my yard and surrounding fields every year around the same time. I don't mean just a few dragonflies, there are literally hundreds of them and they are here for many days on end. I know the nature and science behind their gathering. There must be an abundance of their favorite food here since there is no water source any closer than Parker's Creek and the bay which are about a mile or so away from me as the crow flies. I just happen to have the honor of living at a location they choose to converge. It seems to be in their life cycle to meet here close to the summer solstice every year. The first time I looked through my bay window to see them in mass, "Oh my God" fell out of my mouth. It was an amazing sight to see for the first time and is so each and every year. I always look forward to their return.They are a beautiful and amazing creature. Almost every culture in the world regards them highly and uses their symbolism in the essence of their collective being. This website gives a lot of information regarding their symbolism: http://www.dragonfly-site.com/meaning-symbolize.htmlOne of my favorite pieces of art I've done since I've lived here is called Dragonfly Spirit. She is a pencil drawing embellished with mixed media; beads and metallic threads sewn to the paper. Cut outs in her negative space reveal handmade paper and a feather headdress protrudes from the paper. She is my homage to the dragonfly.I have only ever had a small digital image of her and reproduced her on small greeting cards and small prints until now. She just recently came home to me and I will be selling full size giclee reproductions of her. I will list her in my store when I have some ready to sell. A Spirit of 3 ThingsJust the other day...I was bound up in fear. I had a heart full of desire to help others, to share my life, and to live my faith "out loud", but the taunting lie that I believed over and over again was this..."You're not good enough."It was easier to believe that lie than it was to step out in faith.So I buried my "talents", tried to funnel my desires in "safe" ways, while I prayed earnestly to find my life's calling.God graciously led me to the blog of Ann Voskamp, a lady who also battled fear, only hers was, amazingly, worse than mine. If I was bound up in fear, she was completely paralyzed. In reading her stories of courage and obedience, I became inspired. Something new began to emerge in my own life...a gut-level, undeniable belief in the following verse for the first time in my life."For God has not given us the spirit of fear; but of power, and of love, and of a sound mind." 2 Tim 1:7I had heard it my whole life - - "fear is not of the Lord".That's true. It's not.But I had to come to the point where my love for the Lord and my desire to obey Him overcame my desire to protect myself from impending doom and failure. Pride and self-love had to be put to death. I had to seriously decrease before He could increase!I can't tell you how it happened. I can't point to an exact moment in time. All I know is that as God began gently prodding me to take baby steps out of fear, instead of no...instead of self-protection...I chose Him. I chose obedience.I said YES...and I found Him to be faithful.Each time I said, "yes"...no matter how scary the situation, He came through! As a result, I learned that He is good and that He is indeed, trustworthy.The funny thing I realized is...I'm NOT good enough. I never was and never will be.However, MY GOD IS GOOD ENOUGH! He is all-sufficient and because HE is enough, then I am, too.Truth #9 - You have been given a spirit of power, love, and a sound mind.Power - to go through any trial or persecution you may be facing.Love - to love the Lord and your fellow man.Sound Mind - to remain balanced, just, and prudent in all of your ways.Fear tries so many times to raise it's ugly head against all of those...making you feel like you are alone in a trial, like you don't have what it takes, like the Lord doesn't really love you, like others dislike you, like you are unworthy of attention, like you'll never get it right, like you're going crazy, like you just can't take it one more day, etc. The list of satan's lies could go on and on and on.Today...this day...is the day to put an end to it all!Your birthright from God did not come stamped with the "spirit of fear"! It came fully-loaded with power, love, and a sound mind. That is your identity as a Christian. Trust in it! Live it!Need to catch up on this series?Introduction, Truth #1, Truth #2, Truth #3, Truth #4, Truth #5, Truth #6, Truth #7, Truth #8Last post in the series:Truth #10A Pause on the PathCornerstone ConfessionsWomen Living WellRaising HomemakersLabels: Christianity, Encouragement, Fear, Identity in Christ, Live Your True Identity Series, Love, Power, Sound Mind Tag: Innocence ProjectThe Ghost of The Innocent Man by Benjamin RachlinMarch 20th, 2018 — 5:46pmGhost Of The Innocent Man: A True Story Of Trial And Redemption by Benjamin Rachlin.Somewhat by coincidence, this non-fiction book continues the theme of An American Marriage, which was the previous book which I recently read and reviewed in this blog. That book was a fictionalized account of a man who was wrongly in prison for a crime that he did not commit and how that impacted himself and his young wife.This book is a true story of the ultimate development of a remarkable Innocence Inquiry Project in North Carolina. It also follows the story of Willie Grimes, a young innocent man who was accused and convicted of raping a 65-year-old woman and spent 20 years in prison. The author of this book was not an attorney but rather was a writer who undertook this writing project when he was 26 years old. He traced the birth of the Innocence Project, which started at the University of North Carolina and Duke University Law School and then coalesced over a few years into a state sanctioned Innocence Commission that provided an official process for examining the case of convicted prisoners who may have completely exhausted their appeals process and could still have a pathway to having their cases reexamined.The author told the story of young attorneys who became involved in this project while also working with smart idealistic law students, as they became the last resort for prisoners who may have been totally innocent. The author’s study did interview the various founders and pioneers of this project and told in great detail the trials and tribulations of getting it off the ground. The very interesting story of the birth of this project was interspersed with the equally remarkable story of Mr. Grimes’ voyage through the judicial system and his experience in numerous prisons in North Carolina over the years. The author related in exquisite detail Mr. Grimes’ interactions with various cellmates, prison guards, doctors, as well as his visits to Jehovah Witness people who became very important to him. In fact, my biggest criticism of this book was the repetitive recounting of every interaction that poor Mr. Grimes had in prison. The author literally seemed to reveal “every detail” and report from Mr. Grimes’ case manager in prison, every unremarkable note by nurses, psychologists, guards, every comment, and minor infarction while in prison as well as many repetitive thoughts that Mr. Grimes may have had.The author also provided the details of seemingly every letter or communication between the client and his various lawyers and between various people in the Innocence Project that were trying to help him and develop their program. Yes, this approach conveyed the tedious life that Mr. Grimes had in prison and the tremendous attention to detail of those who were trying to help him had to go through, I got that point! However, I felt that this was way overdone and made the reader spend much more time than needed in order to get it.It was quite fascinating to come to understand some of the complications of doing hair analysis analysis, and even potential DNA analysis although Mr. Grimes’ trial predated the sophisticated DNA techniques that are used today. The reader also learned about the importance of saving evidence from the crime scene and how this may or may not always be done. However once again, these points in my opinion were way too much repetitive.There was one question that was always on my mind and never answered in the book. Early on when Mr. Grimes was arrested, he claimed he was innocent and offered to take a lie detector test. This request was never followed up by the police or by his own attorney. I understand that such tests are not foolproof, but could not such a test, if it had supported his claim, have helped him in his appeal?There came a time during his incarceration where Mr. Grimes could have found a pathway to change his life sentence by being paroled, if he took a special course for sexual offenders but as part of that process, it would have required him to apologize and ask for forgiveness for his “crime.” He refused to do this as he always contended his innocence. In the end, after more than 20 years in prison, as the reader suspected throughout the book, the Innocence Project was successful in allowing Mr. Grimes to be judged to be innocent and gain his freedom.However, the book does leave us with the awareness that such innocence projects do not readily exist throughout the country and there are only a few * like this one, which leaves the reader with the awareness how there is a serious defect in our criminal justice system that needs to be addressed.There is a large well known DNA project and there are smaller projects throughout the country such as the one in Alabama which was written about in a book titled Just Mercy which was also reviewed in this blog :Please leave any comments belowTo purchase a copy of this book from Amazon, please click hereComment » | HI - History, P - Political 2023 International Conference on Power System and Automation Engineering (PSAE 2023)2023 7th International Conference on Sustainable Energy Engineering (ICSEE 2023)2023 5th International Conference on Smart Grid and Green Energy (SGGE 2023)2023 The 7th International Conference on Power Energy Systems and Applications (ICoPESA 2023)2023 13th International Conference on Renewable and Clean Energy (ICRCE 2023)2023 13th International Conference on Power, Energy and Electrical Engineering (CPEEE 2023)2023 4th Asia Conference on Renewable Energy And Environmental Engineering (AREEE 2023)The 5th Int'l Environmental Economics Conference (EEC 2023)2023 Int'l Conference on Environmental Materials and Catalysis (CEMC 2023)2022 6th International Conference on Energy and Environmental Science (ICEES 2022)http://www.icees.org/Engineering & Technology > Renewable Energy/NuclearPublication： Submitted papers will be peer-reviewed and the accepted ones will be published in IOP Conference Series: Earth and Environmental Science (doi:10.1088/issn.1755-1315), indexed in Conference Proceedings Citation Index – Science (CPCI-S), (Thomson Reuters, Web of Science), Scopus, Ei Compendex. We find that buying, selling, or maximizing a business is not what most people are dreaming about. Their dreams – like yours - are made of the things they want to do when these transactions are completed successfully.Yet, many present and future owners are put off from their dreams by traditional “business brokers”. They see and hear all sorts of claims concerning how many deals the broker (or their franchisor) has done, how many years they have been in business and how many locations or employees they have, etc.These “brokers” seldom admit that most “brokers” are fortunate to sell one listing a year, usually do not stay in the industry for more than a year, have never owned their own business before trying to sell yours, and have very little financial or tax backgrounds. What they really do not share with you is that there is a big difference between “doing a deal” and “doing a deal that allows you to live your dream”.Here at Advanced Business Group, we concentrate on two things. Helping you to live your dream and/or insuring that your dream becomes a reality.We are not about “doing deals”! We are about helping you understand the true situation you are in, good or bad, and helping you make the best decisions to maximize your position and get where you want to go.We do this by helping you with the issues that you will likely encounter when buying, selling, valuing, or maximizing a business. A wrong decision concerning any of these issues can destroy business value and limit your ability to reach your dreams. If you are concerned with any of these issues or have questions of any kind in this arena, just give us a call and let’s see if it makes sense to conquer them together.Or fill free to visit further here. Again, do you want to just do a deal, or do you want to fulfill your dream! After five years on the World Wide Webb, Dr Cagliostro is fixing up his home there. A lot has happened since we chose to step out of our dusty archives and in to the world of people and social media. We have changed. People have changed and its time to keep up.Since Choronocopia Publishing was kind enough to help us publish the third volume of our Investigations of the Unknown series, there is no need to have a sort of Internet museum. What we have learned during the last five years is that we are much more effective live, and it is also much more fun to give live lectures, than to write on the Internet. Therefore our new homepage will be focused on the live experiences we can offer. And of course, we will continue to bring you news from the dark side… This months post is on Kali sulph. Kali sulph can assist with carrying oxygen to cells. It can help with skin issues and colds. I just read a story about how Kali sulph helped with the mood swings of a young child with autism: http://treatment4autism.blogspot.com/2008/07/cell-salts-to-rescue.htmlPosted by Cell Salts Tissue Salts World on March 6, 2015 at 12:19 PM under Shadow of the MountainHolly and Robin ReamsGenre: Children’s & Young AdultFor Shadow, life as a forest cat couldn’t be better. Living in a valley surrounded by mountains was tough, especially in the winter. But, now it was spring, things were looking up. Then one afternoon, something happened that Shadow wasn’t prepared for. Before he knew it, he and his friends had no choice, but to set out on a life changing journey guided by the Creator. When they thought things couldn’t get any worse, it did. In addition to searching for a new home, they struggled to stay alive. Trying to juggle flying emotions and serious fights, Shadow must help find a safe, suitable place to live. With enemies around every corner, he has to be prepared to fight until his last breath. Will Shadow have the strength, wisdom, and most importantly hope to win? There’s only one way to find out!Robin Reams was blessed to be homeschooled for eleven years. Graduating in 2008, she pursued her love of writing while helping take care of her grandma. Robin and her sister Holly spent a lot of time reaching out to the elderly in their community. In 2009 Holly (in pink) unexpectedly went to be with Jesus at fifteen. Through life experiences, Robin uses her characters to bring God’s love to readers. Robin continues to volunteer to help the elderly and children. Living in North Carolina, she enjoys spending time with God, reading, photography, and going to the mountains and the beach.$12.95 Out of Stock Jacob Vargas – Sleep DealerActor Jacob Vargas had never read a script that combined aspects of science fiction with the economic drawbacks of Mexico. That’s why a film like “Sleep Dealer,” he says, spoke to him on so many levels.“Sleep Dealer,” which was just released on DVD Sept. 8, tells the story of Memo Cruz (Luis Fernando Peña), a young man who hopes to make a living in Tijuana by physically plugging into a computer system that allows workers to do labor in the U.S. without leaving Mexico.Vargas, 38, who has been in such films as “Death Race,” “Jarhead,” and “Traffic,” plays Rudy Ramirez, a rookie drone pilot on the hunt for Memo, who he mistakes as a terrorist.Do you hope a new audience will find “Sleep Dealer” now that it’s on DVD?Yeah, I don’t think it was really given an opportunity to find an audience [in theaters]. Films are usually given a two-week window unless it’s a big studio film and it’s on 4,000 screens. “Sleep Dealer” is a special kind of movie that has been relying on word of mouth. I believe that it’s a good film and will actually find an audience. It’s really unique.Was that the reason you decided to take the role? It’s a story about immigration, but it has this wild sci-fi twist.Oh, yeah. I’m Mexicano so I always have a special place in my heart for these kinds of stories. My father came from Mexico with nothing in his pockets to make something of himself in the U.S. That struggle to survive and find yourself has always been in me. But I also liked the sci-fi aspect to it. I had never seen a futuristic film set in a place like Tijuana or a border town. I’ve been to Tijuana many times as a kid. In Mexico you see this dichotomy. You see the poverty. I thought seeing the technology mixed in with that was pretty neat. I thought it was a very ambitious script with very limited resources. I had to see what [director Alex Rivera] could do with it.In the film, Memo has this idea that the world is a bigger place than he knows so he decides to go out an explore it. When did you realize that the world extended farther than your backyard?I was very blessed to discover acting at a young age. At 12 years old I was discovered break dancing in a school yard. When I began acting, I started traveling more to different states and countries. It really opened the world to me. If it wasn’t for acting, I don’t know if I ever would have left Pacoima, [CA].And now as an actor who is pretty well-established, where do you like to go to escape from everything?My escape for me is just spending time with my daughter. She is four years old so in a way I’m living my childhood through her. I just love watching her face when she discovers something new. This summer, I taught her how to ride a bike with no training wheels. I taught her how to throw a football and a Frisbee. We flew a kite. I had a blast. That was my escape from everything.The idea that immigrants are doing the work that Americans don’t want to do is touched on in “Sleep Dealer” a bit. Do you think that is true?I grew up with an immigrant family. I was an immigrant myself. I was born Michoacan. When my father came to the U.S. with his brother they were able to get work and save money to get the entire family to come over. By the time we came to the U.S. my father already had a house and steady work. He did things that nobody else wanted to do, so I agree. In this country, they love our food, they love our music, but they just don’t love us. I love that line in the movie that says, “You can get all of the work without the workers.”Have you personally kept up with technology in your life?I know I’m way behind because I had my MySpace set up by my 14-year-old nephew. I can’t even keep up anymore with the Twitter thing and Facebook and MySpace. It seems like in order to keep up these days you have to have a PDA connected to you. Sometimes I think technology works against us as well. What I liked about the film was how it showed how technology could bring us together but at the same time separates us.Tagged InterviewJacob VargasSleep DealerThis gives me great reason to see the film. I think Americans love Americans. If you live here legally and work here, you are an American.Deltec Systems Jim O’Heir – Parks and Recreation (TV)“Dammit, Jerry!” is a phrase you’re likely to hear at least once every episode or two as employees of the Pawnee Parks Department vent their frustration on poor Jerry Gergich (Jim O’Heir). Heading into its sixth season on August 27, the Amy Poehler-led NBC show “Parks and Recreation” has been able to stay alive – despite ratings woes – due to critical acclaim, devoted fans, and the best ensemble comedy cast on television. Part of that cast is O’Heir, who plays the aforementioned Jerry, the punching bag of the office. I recently spoke with Jim to talk about what it’s like to be the character everyone loves to beat up on and what his favorite Jerry moments have been in the first five seasons.It’s been kind of clear that in earlier seasons of “Parks and Recreation” there was this bit of uncertainty where you didn’t know if the show would be on the air for another season. Now we’re sitting here on the brink of the Season 6 premiere and you’re the only show that is familiar in this revamped NBC Thursday night lineup. What do you think has been the biggest factor in the its staying power?Two things, in my mind: One is, critically, we’ve been really well received. The buzz is really good. But of course, that doesn’t equal ratings. But I think what NBC has realized is that we might not have the Nielsen ratings, but our numbers are pretty big when you include all the young people that are not watching it at home on their televisions with their Nielsen box. They’re watching it on Netflix, Hulu, on their iPads, their cell phones. I really believe they realize we have a much bigger audience than we are given credit for. I think with critics we’ve been adored, and I take no credit for that. That is absolutely because of writers. We have the most awesome writers. Mike Schur is our leader and between him leading the writing and Amy (Poehler) leading the rest of us, it’s really perfect. And I’m really grateful and appreciative that the network…they basically cleaned house last season. We could have easily been one of those they just were like, “Well, we’ve done what we can. You’re not going to do huge numbers. We’re gonna restart clean.” I couldn’t be more appreciative that they’ve kept us on air. I’d like to think it’s because of the quality of the show, the reviews, and young folks.Kind of piggy backing off that and the young people, it seems like this has been a show that the internet age has really embraced, be it on Twitter or Tumblr or anything like that. Do you think that factors in? How do you feel when you see stuff on Tumblr that’s almost completely dedicated to your character, for example?I’m constantly blown away by that. I’m amazed by it, I love it. Someone said, “Do you have a Wikipedia page?” and I said “I don’t know. What’s that about?” Well, it says that I do, and somebody has gone through the trouble of finding out facts about me that I forgot. I was reading about certain plays that I’ve done that I forgot that I did. I’m amazed by it. The dedication of the fans…after every episode there’s new Tumblr pages, new Instagram pages, it’s incredible. The kids are brilliant. I don’t know how they do it but I love it and I’m amazed by it.Going back to the uncertainty factor, I had read an interview with Mike Schur (creator of “Parks and Recreation”) a while back that said that he had grown to like the uncertainty because it brought about really good ideas. What about as a cast member? Is it difficult having that bit of uncertainty?Well, yes, for two reasons. One, an actor wants to work. When you’re on a show that you’re a regular on, it’s lovely. The toughest part is that at some point, “Parks” will go away. All shows go away. They have their run then they’re dead. It’s not just going to be a show ending for us. We’re six seasons in and everybody still has so much fun together. We laugh all day long. It’s gonna be a loss. It’s gonna be a personal and emotional loss that’s gonna be tough to deal with. I personally would love if they said, “Oh, just so you know, you’ve got another two seasons guaranteed.” But we’ve never had that. We never know what’s happening. So Mike’s theory is always just to keep writing, even if it’s writing yourself into a corner. If we get more episodes, we’ll figure it out and we’ll make it work. So for them, I know they have fun with that. As an actor, I would love the security of a “Modern Family” or one of those shows where you know, “Oh, we have another four or five seasons. We know we’re safe.” Even this season, all the critics and everybody were saying, “The only one that’s for sure is ‘Parks and Rec,’” which is fun to read. It would give me a little peace of mind. Then I’d be like, “Well, that means nothing.” We’re ratings challenged according to Nielsen. I don’t think that truly we are. I think young people are watching us on all the other devices, but networks do what networks do. It’s all about money and dollars and ads. When I started hearing who they were canceling this year I was like, “Oh my god!” So, to get the pickup was huge. Huge! There are still no guarantees. We’re up against “The Big Bang Theory” this year, which is the No. 1 comedy on television. We’ve got our work cut out for us, but I think NBC realizes the challenge we’re up against and hopefully they’ll give us some breathing room. So, to answer your question: it’s great [the writers] like it like that, but I want security. I want to know we’re coming back.Going back to the first couple seasons of the show, did you ever envision yourself becoming such an integral part of the cast and such a beloved character?You know, as an actor you dream that would happen. I auditioned for Ron Swanson and they always had Nick Offerman in mind because nobody else could do what he was doing with it and he’s Nick Offerman and he’s brilliant. When I first started, my agent said to me, “I don’t know, you might want to think about it. You could become just a background [character].” But in my brain, these are the guys who created “The Office.” And look what happened to Stanley and Phyllis and Kevin. These are characters that have become beloved. And to me, it was a no-brainer. I had hoped for it, but never knew it would happen. At any point they could have said, “Nah, this isn’t happening.” They literally didn’t know what to do with me. They liked me, they wanted to cast me, but they had no plans for me when the show first started. They just said, “Put him at a desk. We think he’s funny. Let’s see what happens.” So the hope was always there. Was there security in it? None, beause I did not become a regular until Season 3.I think I had heard that it wasn’t until the Season 2 episode “Practice Date” where everyone in the office was trying to dig up dirt on each other and you have that line about not knowing you’re adopted, which is one of the funniest things ever in the show…(Laughs) That was a game changer for me because that’s when they realized that’s who Jerry was and [writer] Dan Goor deserves all the credit in the world because that was his baby. That’s when they realized, “OK, Jerry is the punching bag of the office.” That was such an awesome thing to happen for me really early on.Obviously, like you said, your character is the punching bag of the office. Has that always been an easy role for you to embrace?Yeah, I’m fine with it. You know, some people are like, “You have to put up with so much.” I’m an actor. It’s who I’m playing. When they yell cut, we’re all equal and buddies and pals and there’s no weirdness at all. Some people ask, “Are you worried that you’re caught in that trap when the show’s over?” I can’t control what’s going to happen later. Time will only tell. I’ve done a bunch of other stuff so hopefully that will be out there. I did have something happen recently where I was up for something and the director called the writer and the guy said, “Oh, Jerry from ‘Parks?’ I don’t see him doing this role.” Well, he said, “I’m sending you some links to some other stuff he’s done.” And then the guy was like, “Oh god, he’s perfect.” So if people think of me just as Jerry, it could be a little tough. But if they realize I’m an actor playing a role, I love it. I love Jerry. Maybe a little too nice at the office for my taste, but he’s a great guy. He really is a sweet guy.Do you think it’s important for the writers to implement these moments of small victories for Jerry – basically showing that he seems to be the most content person alive so scenes don’t ever veer into being mean spirited?Absolutely. Without it, Jerry would not still be there because you cannot have a character where everything is just horrible even when he goes home. No. 1: if all the other characters are too mean, you’re gonna hate them. But as it turns out, Jerry has, by far, the best life out of all of them. He doesn’t care about what they do at work. He goes home to a family that just adores everything about him. They literally love everything about him. Mike (Schur) has always said that if it was just Jerry getting beat up, beat up, beat up, then goes home and gets beat up, beat up, beat up, it would be too much. It would just be too much. And the other thing is even though I am a punching bag, no doubt…there’s an episode where they were going to do some cuts when Adam Scott and Rob Lowe’s characters joined the show, and Amy’s character Leslie says, “Oh no, we can’t do it without Jerry Gergich.” And so they have his back when it counts. Every office needs one, and Jerry is the one.Last season there was an episode called “Jerry’s Retirement” where Jerry formally retires from his job at the parks department. When you heard about that episode or read the script, was there ever a concern that they were getting rid of your character or lessening his impact on the show?Hell yes. We get the script the night before the table read and I open it up and it says “Jerry’s Retirement.” Like, holy crap! Wouldn’t somebody call me and tell me I was leaving?! It was funny because as soon as they handed me that script, within 10 minutes, there were two emails. One from Mike Schur and one from Morgan Sackett, our producer both going, “Don’t worry! Jerry’s fine! Jerry’s not going anywhere!” The reason they even addressed it was for the past four years, we’ve been mentioning how Jerry would have two years until he retires. So they were like, “We have got to address this. It’s just something we have to do.” But I will take joy knowing Jerry isn’t going anywhere. Though I will say, technically, the network had till the end of June to pick up your contract for the full season. And I kept saying, “Man, until I get that pick up…”Do you have any personal favorite moments of Jerry’s, be it someone ragging on him or Jerry having moments of redemption or anything like that?I love when Jerry is with everybody. I love when we do group scenes; love when we’re all out together like when we did the hunting episode. I love all of that. Of course I love the episode where I got mugged, even though I wasn’t really mugged. I had fallen trying to get a burrito. I like to do physical stuff. I got to lie in that creek. It was awesome. I caught myself on fire. They let me do that myself. It was awesome. They always have stunt people and I’m like, “No. It will not look real if someone else is doing it, you know?” So I love when Jerry gets to do any of that crazy stuff. I love when Chris Pratt’s character Andy – cause he’s, you know, just half a marble away from being an idiot – will call him the wrong name. I love anything where Andy is mocking Jerry.I think my personal favorite was what I mentioned with the digging dirt game and also in the “Telethon” episode, you’re playing this beautiful piano piece and Leslie interrupts and says, “Enough of that racket.”Jerry is so freakin’ talented. I paint. I play the piano. Wait till you see what I’m doing in the Halloween episode we’re shooting. Jerry is so incredibly talented and no one gives a crap. In that one, I even do magic and she’s like, “Oh, that’s terrible.”Just judging from interviews of people talking about the show and watching behind the scenes videos and gag reels, it seems like “Parks and Rec” is an amazing place to work. What is that environment like for you being around the cast and crew?We shoot a single camera show so depending on where you are, sometimes you don’t have to be there. You’ll have days off, or it’s not like a multi-camera show where you rehearse Monday through Thursday and you tape on Friday. When I get the schedule on the Friday before the following the week, if I have days off, I would rather be there, than not be there. It’s because it’s the most joyous place because not only do we get along so well even after all these years, but the crew is incredible. They’re my dear friends. Many have been to my home. It’s nothing but laughter, ball-busting, a couple of pranks, and yet, good quality work.I asked this question to (fellow cast member) Retta so I’ll ask you as well. Is there a particular actor on the cast that really makes you break the most?I would say definitely Chris Pratt. He’s crazy and funny and really smart. Of course his character Andy isn’t, but Chris is smart with his comedy. When Amy breaks, I break, because Amy’s laughter is incredibly infectious. I would say as far as making me break, it would be Chris Pratt.That’s kinda what I figured. Lastly, I’ve seen that you’ve done a couple sketches for “Jimmy Kimmel Live,” so I was wondering how that came about and what that experience has been like?To be honest, I don’t know how it came about other than they knew of me. The first time I ever did it they were doing a sketch about Abercrombie and Fitch, who were not allowing or wanting fat people to wear their clothes. So they probably were thinking, “Who are big actors out there?” So we did that and we had so much fun that the next week I did another one. Then the next week I did another one. And then I was a guest on his show and sat on the couch last Friday. So I don’t really know how I got on their radar, but we’ve been having a blast. It’s been a lot of fun.Tagged Jim O'HeirNBCParks and Recreation Amazing Spider-Man,Unmarried again!Amazing Spider-Man #’s 546-550, published by Marvel Publishing, Inc., 32 pages, $2.99.For those who have yet to delve into the “Brand New Day” storyline in Marvel’s The Amazing Spider Man, this is your spoiler warning: Go away NOW.That said, allow me to express my excitement at what the publisher is doing with it’s flagship character. Having gotten rid of Peter Parker’s wife, Mary Jane (No time to tell you how - go ask a comic book retailer or fan about “One More Day.”), and re- established him as a single man, Marvel has increased the possibility of many more interesting relationship dynamics, which is part of what made the character much more interesting 20 years ago.Additionally, the creators have wasted no time ramping up the drama with fascinating goings-on in the super-hero’s life. Let’s sum up: J. Jonah Jameson has lost the Daily Bugle to a competitor, and is lying in a hospital bed. There are two new, and very intriguing, villains giving Spidey a lot of trouble, and one of them spends time disturbingly close to Peter’s Aunt May in his “alter ego.” Old spider- tracers (tracking devices used by Spider-man) are turning up on murder victims around New York. And, as if all of that weren’t enough, one of the most notorious crime families in the Marvel Universe has made the do-gooder one of their favorite people, adding to his already-dismal public approval ratings.The first three issues of the now-thrice-weekly series were written by Dan Slott and drawn by Steve McNiven (one of the best Spider- Man artists in a long time, in my opinion), with issues 549 and 550 written and drawn by Marc Guggenheim and Salvador Larroca, respectively. Herein lies the only problem I see with the book. Changing up creative teams every three issues could make Amazing difficult to follow for fans, especially where varying art styles are concerned. My advice: Go back to a monthly schedule and one creative team.Amazing Spider-Man is still recommended for older teens and up.Back to Comic Book Review ( Amazing Spider-Man ) Wii Karaoke U (Wii U) ReviewBy Lex Firth 16.10.2014Karaoke is a big deal in Japan. Whilst Western readers may be slightly bemused by the idea of sitting in a small box with their friends and warbling their way through some favourite songs, it's a large part of Asian culture - rather than being relegated to almost-empty bars and holiday destinations as seen in the UK, karaoke venues are prevalent and popular amongst young Japanese people. It makes sense, therefore, for Nintendo to capitalise on this and bring the fun of a "karaoke box" (a small, intimate room for karaoke, usually rented by the hour) into the living room. Whilst it's obviously not the first to do this, with Sony releasing a total of 35 games in the SingStar franchise in English so far and Microsoft having a decent amount of success with 2009's Lips, Wii Karaoke U is the first karaoke sim to really capture the actual karaoke experience.The end result is a perfectly adequate replication of a karaoke booth and a fantastic party game. Wii Karaoke U works on a pay-to-play basis, similar to a traditional karaoke venue. The game itself is free to download, with gameplay being unlocked after the purchase of hourly tickets. It's this that contributes to the game's perfect fit for a party; gone is the hesitation of spending £40 on a game that might only be played once or twice, in favour of paying pocket change for a couple of hours of fun.One of the biggest advantages the Wii U has over other consoles with karaoke games is the GamePad. Not only can it be used as a portable lyric screen, it also means that a playlist of songs can be built up whilst players read the lyrics on the TV screen simultaneously. Speaking of the TV screen, it looks great - behind the genre, staples of lyrics and pitching guide is a video of players' Miis performing the song to a live audience that never fails to get old, especially with the addition of custom stages and a wide array of outfits.On the technical side, Wii Karaoke U is a game of two halves. Whilst an extra mode with a scoring system based on vocal prowess is tucked away behind a menu (unlike games such as SingStar, Wii Karaoke U doesn't actually provide feedback on vocal ability) and a worldwide ranking system is included, fans of certain songs may find themselves a little let down by the changes made to the game's versions of them. It only contains cover or lyric-less versions from the Joysound library of each track (although this is to be expected in a game that boasts such a large amount of music - licensing is expensive), which are sometimes listed with slightly iffy lyric information or timing issues that can easily throw score-focused singers off their game.Speaking of the Joysound library, it's a mess, to put it simply. Many popular karaoke hits are completely absent, whilst some downright obscure tracks are included at their expense. For example, whilst this may be good news for those who want to impress their friends with their rendition of Lady Gaga's Black Jesus + Amen Fashion, fans of the more recognisable Whitney Houston classic How Will I Know will be decidedly less satisfied (this, however, is something that is bound to improve over time - the Joysound library is regularly expanding and this is reflected in this software). A lot of the library's space is taken up by Japanese songs, which seem like a bit of a waste as they are unlikely to be known by any players at all.Also worth noting is that Wii Karaoke U does not censor the lyrics, even though many of the vocal backing tracks are themselves censored - this can potentially be problematic for its party atmosphere as very few parents will want their children spouting unexpected swear words.Overall, Wii Karaoke U can best be described as 'functional.' On the surface, it really hits the nail on the head, capturing the atmosphere of a karaoke booth - but, deeper down, a number of small issues start to mount up and threaten users' enjoyment. Nonetheless, it's worth a shot, especially with its lenient pricing scheme.Cubed3 RatingVery Good - Bronze AwardIs it the game of the year? No. Is it even the best karaoke sim available right now? Perhaps not when compared to the games that use licensed tracks to provide a better and more professional-looking experience. However, Wii Karaoke U perfectly fits Nintendo's audience - it's clean, it's accessible, and it promotes fun, above all else.Wii Karaoke U (Wii U)TOSE5/10 (2 Votes) The Church in foreign contextsMarch 10, 2016 by Don HutchinsonNigeria is a beautiful African country. However, it is divided into two almost even geographic regions based on religion. The religious majority in the South is Christian, and Islam in the North.When visiting in 2011, I was forever changed by a heart-breaking brief conversation with a five year old. Our chat took place while he was enjoying his first ice cream cone, strawberry.Nigeria (June 2011)The little tyke was a student at a school for the children of Christian martyrs, those who had been killed for their faith in Jesus Christ. One of hundreds of students at the school, he had my full attention as he shared the details of watching the murder of his parents and sister; then, sitting by their bodies through the night until a relative removed him from the street the next morning. His family, well known Christians in the community, was killed as the result of mob violence that erupted after a Christian candidate was elected President of Nigeria in April 2011.The circumstance of our conversation required that I hold back my tears, which wasn’t easy, until alone later that night in my room.Nigeria is most often in today’s news because of the Islamic extremist group Boko Haram, which the government has been unable to rein in. Boko Haram was little known prior to April 2011, but boldly escalated their presence with the election of President Jonathan and have not retreated, even following his defeat by a Muslim candidate in the election of March 2015.I had another life-impacting conversation, in a different walled compound, in Northern Nigeria. I was privileged to spend an evening with a Christian leader who is a former jihadist who started his almajiri training at the same tender age of 5 years, when he was apprenticed to a radical Muslim imam. Conversion to Christianity was, from the perspective of his previous religious compatriots, his death warrant. As a result, his identity and location are not publicized. He uses the pseudonym “Abdulmasi,” which means “servant of the Messiah.”After dinner, Abdulmasi shared that our meeting the next day with over 100 pastors from Northern Nigeria – witnesses to Jesus in a hostile environment that shelters Boko Haram – was coordinated through word of mouth, as a safety measure. Each pastor was responsible to tell the next, using an established and trustworthy communication chain of mouth-to-ear communication only.Late last year, I was discussing the current situation in Nigeria with a senior Christian leader from that nation. He stated his observation that the pastors of many of the churches terrorized by Boko Haram, outside of the North, were preaching against Boko Haram instead of preaching for Jesus. This prominent and well known Nigerian church leader shared that he walks freely on the streets, without security or concern, because he preaches for Jesus.I noted in last week’s blog the situation in Pakistan, officially the Islamic Republic of Pakistan, where there are severe social and government constraints on Christians living out their religious beliefs.I also referenced the situation in communist China, where the Church is growing in members faster than any other nation in the world.Recently, Christian leaders in China have been in the news for a determined effort to place crosses on the roofs of church buildings. In China, it is forbidden to place above the roof line of buildings any symbols other than those of the Communist Party (e.g. the star) or the nation (e.g. the flag), unless the state symbols are also there, and higher.In short, the placing of crosses or other symbols in this manner, creating in that culture the public perception of declaring something as greater than the communist state, is not permitted.While in China last November, I saw a more than 10 metre high cross on the side of one church building and another prominent large cross placed several stories high on the front of another, but neither above the roof line.Is the behaviour of pastors who are placing crosses on the roofs of their churches defiance that may inhibit the religious freedom of others? Or, is it Holy Spirit inspired civil disobedience that will advance religious freedom?The Church looks different in these countries from its appearance in Canada, and other nations.The forms of government, and resulting laws, are different in different parts of the world. As a result, the styles of Christian worship and opportunities to witness to one’s faith may also be different.In Nigeria, even congregations associated with staid historic Western denominations are vibrant and charismatic in expression. I delivered the main message at the pastors’ gathering, and it was perfectly legal. But certain safety precautions are in order.In Pakistan, the law prohibits disagreement with Islam. Sharing about one’s belief in Christianity can result in criminal charges; and, mob violence can rule alongside state officials. To preach in Pakistan, a country I have not visited, a Canadian would have to do so in private and hope not to be reported.In China, the registered Protestant Church is non-denominational in expression. The church we worshipped in reminded me of a conventional Anglican form of worship, including organ and a full choir. The registered Catholic Church follows the traditional Roman Catholic form of mass. Unregistered churches can, I am told, be more charismatic in expression.It is legal for Chinese Christians to share their faith, as well as Bibles, with fellow citizens. One of the world’s largest Bible printing companies, if not the largest, is in Nanjing. Amity Printing publishes Bibles for both international and domestic Chinese distribution. It is, however, illegal for a foreigner to bring Bibles into the country. Why would you need to? Bibles are readily available nationwide and foreigners can by them by the box and give them to churches for less than it costs to buy them in Canada. It is also illegal for foreigners to proselytize Chinese citizens without permission. To get my visa, I signed an agreement to not proselytize while in China. Chinese Christians are sharing the gospel just fine.Globally, the Church is consistent in doctrine – the core doctrine of Christianity with variations on nonessential matters – or it would not be the Church. And, the Church is contextual in expression. Established in a Hebrew and Greek, Romanised culture in the Middle East during the 1st century, the Church has adapted to cultural expression (without doctrinal compromise) ever since.Christianity is not a Western religion or an Eastern religion, the religion of the Northern Hemisphere or the South. Christianity is a relational religion – relationship with God and other people – that is enhanced by cultural infiltration resulting from life together. Cultural expression cannot, however, be permitted to compromise or contaminate the core doctrine of the Church.Because of its relational nature with God and people the Church remains robust, alive and growing even in environments where Christians encounter social hostility and/or government restriction.The Church faced these kinds of differences in its early days when non-Jews first started to become Christians. The people were different. The cultures were different. And, often, the laws were different.The Christian Council at Jerusalem concluded to accept the new converts in their cultural setting by equipping them with core doctrine and to “not trouble those of the Gentiles who turn to God” with traditional Jewish requirements. They also made sure there was a structure in place for continuing relationship. (Acts 15)Early direction to the Gentile churches in differing legal environments, particularly letters of the apostles Peter and Paul who made “first contact” with these new non-Jewish Christians, also encouraged compliance with the laws of government authorities as part of their expression of faith. (1 Peter 2:13-14; Romans 13:1-7)Filed Under: Freedom of Religion - Global, Render unto CaesarForeign countries, foreign courtsHalf a decade has passed since the almost expected, yet still shocking, assassination of Shahbaz Bhatti. Minister Bhatti was the first Christian member of Pakistan’s parliament invited into cabinet, where he served as Federal Minister for Minorities Affairs.With Shahbaz Bhatti, February 2011Just weeks before his death, Shahbaz was in Ottawa. That’s where I met him in February 2011. In conversation, Shahbaz shared that he had declined the Canadian government’s invitation to remain here and was preparing to head home. He knew his life was in danger. When I asked him about his needs returning home, Shahbaz stated that he did not desire a more trustworthy security detail; another offer from the Canadian government. He asked instead for prayer.Shahbaz Bhatti was killed, execution style, on March 2, 2011, moments after leaving his mother’s home in Islamabad. His murderer has not been identified.Death threats against Minister Bhatti had increased dramatically after he expressed support for Asia Bibi, a Christian woman who is still in prison after being sentenced to death in 2010. Her crime? In responding to a co-worker’s question about her Christian faith, Asia Bibi is alleged to have made a remark (which she denies) that was found by a judge to be an offence to the Prophet Mohammed. In Pakistan, the penalty for “blasphemy” against Mohammed is death.A few months ago, I was privileged to visit China as part of a delegation that attended meetings with the leadership of both the national Protestant and Catholic churches registered with, and operating within the requirements of, the Communist government. The delegation also had a significant meeting with the Minister and senior officials from the State Administration for Religious Affairs, China’s department for oversight of religions and religious organizations.This extraordinary opportunity confirmed for me the remarkable truth that the Church can thrive anywhere, even in cooperation with the requirements of a Communist government.Years ago, I met with leaders of the unregistered house church movement who were visiting from China. They told me that they were experiencing increased freedom as they purposed and acted to respond to social needs. Their motivation was a statement Jesus made about one aspect by which He would judge the Church, “For I was hungry and you gave me food, I was thirsty and you gave me drink, I was a stranger and you welcomed me, I was naked and you clothed me, I was sick and you visited me, I was in prison and you came to me.” (Matthew 25:34-40)In the setting of Canada’s democracy, we sometimes complain about government or the courts. But, we don’t face open, potentially deadly, hostility because of our religious beliefs. There are no blasphemy laws by which we might be imprisoned for a comment made to a co-worker. We are not confronted with the need to contextualize our religious practices in submission to a government that has either a religious or ideological belief that is determinative of both judicial appointments and judicial decisions.Several of the more difficult New Testament passages for Christians are found in the apostle Paul’s letter to the Church in Rome. Among them, Romans 12:1-2 challenges Christians to be living sacrifices for God, transformed in our thinking to follow God’s will, not our own. Romans 13 confronts us with:1 Let every person be subject to the governing authorities. For there is no authority except from God, and those that exist have been instituted by God. 2 Therefore whoever resists the authorities resists what God has appointed, and those who resist will incur judgment. 3 For rulers are not a terror to good conduct, but to bad. Would you have no fear of the one who is in authority? Then do what is good, and you will receive his approval, 4 for he is God’s servant for your good. But if you do wrong, be afraid, for he does not bear the sword in vain. For he is the servant of God, an avenger who carries out God’s wrath on the wrongdoer. 5 Therefore one must be in subjection, not only to avoid God’s wrath but also for the sake of conscience.This is not a message dictating unquestioned subservience. Nor does it require collaboration with the government or compromise of Christian doctrine. But, Paul does appreciably limit the appropriate circumstances for civil disobedience (a topic to be addressed in more detail in an upcoming blog).Working with and within the political and judicial system can be difficult, but that is what is asked of us.Seven centuries before the birth of Jesus, four young men were abducted from Jerusalem by a conquering king – Daniel, Hananiah, Mishael and Azariah (also known by their Babylonian names: Belteshazzar, Shadrach, Meshach and Abednego). They held fast to their faith in God, refused to bow in worship to King Nebuchadnezzar’s golden statue, walked out of what should have been certain death in a fiery furnace, and found a place, within that foreign culture, to serve as leaders in the nation of Babylon; all the while, worshipping God. (see particularly Daniel 1 and 3)Early Christians refused to bow to Caesar or his image, the Emperor having been declared to be a god. They kept the peace, were at one time put to death as entertainment, and contributed to their society. Four centuries after the death of Jesus of Nazareth, Caesar was displaced as god of the Empire by this same Jesus. In making this decision, the Emperor Constantine also granted legal freedom to other religions, provided they were not disruptive.Without judicial independence and sound legal doctrine, the ideology of the state – whether religious or atheist – is determinative in the courtroom; and, judicial decisions become subservient to state doctrine. This is little different from the ancient Babylonian or Roman empires, and was understood by Paul when he wrote his remarks to the Church.How Christians respond to cultural, societal and political constraints, as well as the decisions of courts – both just and unjust – bears witness to our character as Christians, a word that literally means “little Christs” (little anointed ones). Are we both believing in Jesus and behaving like Him?The Church, both registered and unregistered, is growing faster in China than any other nation in the world. Asia Bibi’s lawyers continue to appeal the decision of the lower court, many around the world are intervening on her behalf with the Pakistani government, and her plight highlights that she is one of millions around the globe who face persecution for their religious beliefs. Instead of choosing the safety of a land foreign to him, Shahbaz Bhatti gave his life to work within the legalities of Pakistan’s constitutional structure “to serve the suffering humanity, defend principles of religious freedom, human equality, social justice and rights of minorities.” And, he asked me to pray for him.The request of the persecuted is consistently that we pray. Pray that they – we – might be faithful to God and the Scriptures.Filed Under: Freedom of Religion - Global, Politics, Render unto CaesarA heartfelt and freely chosen “Merry Christmas!”December 22, 2014 by Don HutchinsonBaby Jesus. We count the days and we sing the songs. Some engage in the North American war of words over “Merry Christmas” or “Happy Holidays.” Still others decry the trees, cards, advent calendars and wreaths along with the gifts and expressions of generosity. Peace on Earth? Goodwill to all?Some support the manger and menorah in the same public square. Others – an admittedly smaller but louder portion of the population – decry both. Is the public square to be truly for all the public or must one be stripped of religion to enter what Father Richard John Neuhaus referred to as a naked public square?Whatever one thinks of this celebration – commercialism gone wild or season of love and charity – one thing cannot be denied. Jesus is the central figure in human history.Son of God? Son of Man? Son of God and Son of Man? As He famously asked His disciples, “Who do you say that I am?”The Jews who had no reason to record the deaths of the many who claimed to be Messiah experienced a new religion birthed in their holy city. Josephus, the great Jewish scholar of first century Rome, made reference to His crucifixion in particular.The Romans who had their own selection of gods, including their emperor, in time embraced Him as King above their king. They even changed the record of time to reflect their estimate of His birth.His real presence in the world cannot be denied.His worship as God is today accepted by over 1/3 of the planet’s population. His importance in the plan of God by another 1/6. And the denial of His place in history and human lives is the focus of much of the remainder.The Magi so revered the signs in the night sky that they traveled far to bring their best to Him. King Herod, in those days ruler of ancient Israel under the Romans, so feared His birth that he ordered the slaughter of every male child in Bethlehem under the age of 2 years. Mary and Joseph were warned and had taken their baby boy out of town by then.Historians tell us He probably wasn’t born December 25. Some challenge the story of the stable. Others question whether the Romans settled on the right year. Efforts to avoid Him are many.But it’s not about contending over minor details.And it’s not about debating questions around the existence of evil, but accepting the presence of supreme and redeeming Good.And it’s not just about Baby Jesus. Yes, the miracle and story of His birth remind us about prophecies of old fulfilled, fresh hope and overcoming fear. But it’s not just about Baby Jesus.As my pastor says, it’s about “a blood stained cross, an empty tomb and a poured out Holy Spirit.”And it’s about men, women and children who risked their lives to hold fast to their faith in Him and to share that faith with others. Centuries of men, women and children.And it’s about men, women and children who are risking their lives today for the same reasons in Iraq, Iran, North Korea, Nigeria, Pakistan and Syria; to name just a few from the World Watch List top 50.And it’s about men, women and children who are willing to risk their reputations and social status to hold fast to their faith in Him and share it with others right here at home.It’s not about putting others down. It’s about lifting His name up! Both in word and in deed.And somehow, now as then, it’s about living life together – the constitutional consensus that holds us together and the conversation that enables us to appreciate our differences. Acceptance, even when without agreement.It’s about the continuing effort to understand, maybe someday experience, the message of the angels to the shepherds who were watching their flocks on that night, “peace on Earth and goodwill to all.”It really doesn’t matter whether you say “Happy Holidays” or “Merry Christmas.” What matters is that it is heartfelt and freely chosen.So, Happy Holidays! And, Happy Hanukkah!Filed Under: Freedom of Religion - Global, Public ReflectionMeet the ‘anti-establishment’ group changing the conversation in the Canadian legal world | The Hub | The Runnymede… https://t.co/T5kqjdnZ55 January 25, 2023 10:50 pm More details about add a sunroomPosted On : December 17, 2021 Published By : ImogenSome time ago, we wrote an article about how you can utilize a then-new feature for Google Maps to create custom maps. To use that feature, it is necessary to have a Google Account. If you didn’t know, you could get one of those for free now as well! But let’s not go into all the details here. Google has recently announced another handy feature – creating your map with roads and points of interest . This tutorial will show you how to add these points of interest (POIs) yourself instead of having them pre-generated from various sources by Google’s algorithm.This new tool is obviously designed with different purposes in mind – mainly for people who want to use their own data rather than relying on Google’s POIs. However, it is also perfect for creating custom maps to share with friends and family. You can add restaurants, tourist attractions, parks – anything you want.The process of adding POIs to your map is very simple: click on the “add a marker” button and enter the information you want associated with that marker. The marker will then be added to your map. You can also drag it around to reposition it, or use the “edit” button to change its properties.You may have noticed about these markers that they all have a default icon. If you would like to use a different icon, or if you want to add more information about the marker, you can do that by clicking the “edit” button.You can then add a title, link and even an image for your marker – perfect if you are trying to show people where they can find certain restaurants or attractions nearby! You can also change the feature’s appearance – use this to give it a different color or size, or hide it entirely if you don’t want it shown on your map. However, please note that hiding markers will not completely remove them from Google’s services. For example, these markers will still be visible in other Google maps which users might have created . It will just stop them from appearing in yours.If you would like to add a sunroom in Ridgeland, SC to your home, you should consider a few things before getting started. First of all, you will need to decide where the sunroom will be. It is essential to choose a spot that gets plenty of sunlight – after all, it’s called a sunroom for a reason! You may also want to think about how the sunroom will be used. If you plan to use it mainly as a place to relax, you should make sure it is comfortable and has plenty of seating.All about Aluminum profilesWhat is the need of hiring home repair services? Photojournalism and "fair use": Fitzgerald v CBS Broadcasting9 October 2007 - EPUKA case recently decided by a Massachusetts court highlights the special protection given to news photographers under the UK Copyright Act, writes Charles Swan of Swan Turton.Christopher Fitzgerald is a freelance photographer. In 1995 he took two photographs of a newsworthy event, a well-known mobster by the name of Stephen “The Rifleman” Lemmi being transferred by police to an undisclosed location shortly after his arrest. Fitzgerald was the only photographer at the scene.Over the years Fitzgerald licensed his pictures of Lemmi 17 times, collecting $4,350 in fees, and sued or threatened to sue six times for copyright infringement, collecting a further $58,600 in settlements.One settlement was with CBS, which used one of the photographs without Fitzgerald’s permission in some TV reports. CBS took steps after the settlement to ensure that the photographs were not accidentally broadcast again, but one copy remained in archives and this was again used without permission by CBS (“accidentally”) in 2004 when broadcasting a report about the sentencing of a member of Flemmi’s gang whose cooperation allegedly led to the 1995 arrest.Fitzgerald successfully sued CBS for copyright infringement. CBS argued that its use of the photograph was “fair use”. Although news reporting is specifically referred to in the US Copyright Act as being particularly appropriate to the application of the fair use doctrine, the judge determined that another more important factor weighed heavily in Fitzgerald’s favour: “whether the defendant’s use inhibits the plaintiff’s production by negatively impacting his market.”Fair use would destoy potential marketAs the judge pointed out, if CBS’s use of the photograph was fair use, then all Fitzgerald’s previous licensing of the photographs to news media, and uses like them in the future, would also be fair use, destroying the only potential market for the photographs. “It is hard to imagine that freelance photojournalists would continue to seek out and capture difficult to achieve pictures if they could not expect to collect any licensing fees.”The American concept of “fair use” is very different from the UK regime of “permitted acts” – a few of which involve the similar concept of “fair dealing”. US copyright law provides four general principles and then lets publishers and rights owners argue about how to apply them. UK copyright law lays down specific circumstances in which publishers can use works without permission.In theory the American system is fairer. It is more flexible than the UK approach and allows the balance between publishers and rights owners to be struck on a case by case basis.In practice the UK system gives clearer protection to rights owners, and arguably this is a fairer state of affairs. Publishers don’t get a chance to argue a defence unless their unauthorised use of a work falls squarely within one or other of the specified permitted acts provided for in the UK Copyright Act. Our more rigid system favours the “small guy”, because rights owners often don’t have the means to risk suing large publishers even if, as in the case of Christopher Fitzgerald, their claim is obviously justified and therefore ultimately likely to succeed. The cost of litigation is often too high, and the financial risks involved too great.UK’s ‘fair dealing’The UK Copyright Act is in fact very similar to the American one when it comes to news reporting. There is a “fair dealing” exception in the UK for “reporting current events”. The factors which UK judges take into account when applying our fair dealing exception are similar to those applied by US judges for fair use. The UK news reporting exception varies from US law in one crucial respect, however. It doesn’t apply to photographs.A painting or even a video still can be published without permission in the UK news media, if the publication is “fair”, but a photograph cannot. The reason for this is precisely the reason identified by the judge in Christopher Fitzgerald’s claim against CBS. When passing the 1988 Copyright Act, Parliament made an exception for photographs because it recognised that (a) there would only rarely be cases when a photograph could fairly be used without permission for reporting current events but (b) the media would nevertheless try to rely on a fair dealing defence if it was available, just as CBS tried to rely on fair use, and © in practice, this would undermine news photographers’ markets, because the vastly superior economic muscle of the media would make it difficult in practice for photographers to protect their rights.In other respects, of course, American copyright law favours rights owners more than our law does. The settlements which can be achieved in US courts are often much higher, thanks to jury trials and “statutory damages”. The damages which UK photographers can claim for infringement are rarely more than a licence fee, a factor which militates in favour of infringers. But at least here if you see your photograph being used in a news report without your permission, you can be certain that you won’t have to have an argument in court about “fair use”. Fairness doesn’t come into it.This update is © Swan Turton and is for general guidance only. Legal advice should be sought before taking action in relation to specific matters. Where reference is made to Court decisions facts referred to are those reported as found by the Court.Visit Swan Turton’s website at http://www.swanturton.com or email Charles Swan for more information about Swan Turton media law services.Want to contact the EPUK Website editor? editor@epuk.orgMail me when a new comment is posted.EPUK reserves the right to edit or delete posts which the moderators feel are irrelevant, offensive, libelous, untrue or just plain nutty; and in extreme cases, to ban those who make them. The Bosch i Gimpera Foundation grants €24,000 to promote the creation and maturation process of new spin-offsThe Bosch i Gimpera Foundation has awarded a total of €24,000 within the framework of the Mentor in Residence (MIR) grant of the Fund for the Promotion of Innovation (F2i) programme, to complement the team of entrepreneurial projects emerged from the University of Barcelona by hiring a mentor.In this second edition, the award-winning projects were: “SaaS for automated true colour recognition”, led by Dr. Daniel Prades, Faculty of Physics; “LogMeal: A Computer Vision-based environment for smart restaurants”, led by Dr. Petia Radeva, Faculty of Mathematics and Computer Science; “Androgen receptor dimerization inhibitors: First-in-class drugs for the treatment of prostate cancer”, led by Dr. Eva Estébanez, Faculty of Biology; and “Development of a neurotoxicology and drug tracking platform”, led by Dr. Josep Mª Canals, Faculty of Medicine and Health Sciences.The aim of the Mentor in Residence scheme is to provide support to complement the entrepreneurial team in order to encourage multidisciplinarity and to promote both the creation of new spin-offs at the University of Barcelona and the growth of those recently created spin-offs that have the potential to grow. The maximum funding granted to each entrepreneurial project is €6,000, which will allow the entrepreneurial team to hire a mentor specialized in the management of entrepreneurial projects.In 2016, the University of Barcelona and the Bosch i Gimpera Foundation jointly created the Fund for the Promotion of Innovation (F2i), a programme endowed with €124,000 euros that includes two modalities: the Valorisation Fund (FVal)—endowed with €100,000—aims to valorise UB projects with a high potential for transfer, and the Mentor in Residence (MIR) scheme—endowed with € 24,000—promotes the creation and maturation of new spin-offs by allowing them to hire a mentor. These grants are co-funded by the European Regional Development Fund (ERDF) and are also supported by Banco Santander. For your diet to succeed, keep it as simple as possible. According to researchers:For people on a more complex diet that involves keeping track of quantities and items eaten, their subjective impression of the difficulty of the diet can lead them to give up on it," reported Peter Todd, professor in IU's Department of Psychological and Brain Sciences.Jutta Mata, now a professor of psychology at Stanford University, said this effect holds even after controlling for the influence of important social-cognitive factors including self-efficacy, the belief that one is capable of achieving a goal like sticking to a diet regimen to control one's weight."Even if you believe you can succeed, thinking that the diet is cognitively complex can undermine your efforts," she said.(Source: BoingBoing)I found even the P90X Nutrition Plan (which ain't exactly rocket science) to be too difficult to follow, so I made up my own rules. There are five of 'em:Eat small, frequent meals each day -- slowly.Eat more protein and vegetables.Earn your carbs: Eat them only after working out.Be mindful of portion sizes.If you're going to make an exception to your diet, make sure the food/experience is worth it.Tags: diet, food, nutrition, P90X Nutrition PlanARCHIVE September (2) August (4) July (5) March (1) February (2) January (7) December (3) November (9) October (9) September (11) August (13) July (17) June (14) May (24) April (15) March (19) February (25) January (23) December (20) November (32) October (39) September (42) August (43) July (41) June (48) May (55) April (55) March (78) February (68) January (83) December (69) November (60) October (90) September (73) August (72) July (65) June (46) May (73) April (60) March (70) February (67) January (74) December (62) November (62) October (65) September (55) August (39) Mixing Mythology, Science and Fiction: The Sci-fi Genre in Indian Film and TelevisionDecember 1, 2006 Shanti Kumar / University of Texas 19 commentsby: Shanti Kumar / University of Texas-AustinIn recent years, the sci-fi genre has become a rage in India. Indian television channels like Doordarshan, Sony and Star Plus have ventured into the sci-fi genre in the hopes of gaining a bigger share of the lucrative but competitive television market in India. Science fiction is a relatively new genre in Indian television, but the recent success of the Bollywood blockbuster Koi Mil Gaya (2003) and its sequel Krrish (2006) has propelled the sci-fi genre to stratospheric heights.Koi Mil GayaKoi Mil Gaya (I Found Someone) revolves around the friendship between a mentally challenged young man Rohit (played by Hrithik Roshan) and a lovable alien, Jadu, who gifts superhuman powers to Rohit. Krrish, the sequel to Koi Mil Gaya, is the story of Rohit's son Krishna (also played by Hrithik), who inherits his father's superpowers. When Krishna travels to Singapore to be with a girl he is in love with (played by Priyanka Chopra), he encounters a megalomaniac scientist who is out to destroy the world. Krishna must transform into Krrish and use his superpowers to save the world from the mad scientist. So popular was Krrish among the young and the old alike that it netted a record $15 million in its opening week, and ended up as the highest-earning film of the year.Following the enormous success of the Bollywood blockbusters, sci-fi shows have cropped up on the primetime schedules of several Indian television channels as well. Television producers, networks and advertisers see great potential in the genre to attract audiences who have been drawn to sci-fi by the popularity of Koi Mil Gaya and Krrish. Case in point is Karma: Koi Aa Raha Hai Waqt Badalne (Karma: Someone is Coming to Transform Time) a one-hour weekly show about a superman-like character which aired on Star Plus. Produced by Balaji Telefilms – a powerhouse of soap opera production in India – Karma was initially called Kaalki (named after the Hindu god Vishnu's 10th and final avatar on earth). Kaalki was scheduled for November 2002 on Star Plus, but the network did not seem too keen on the sci-fi show for that year. However, in August 2003, Star Plus launched Karma in the hopes of capitalizing on the success of the Bollywood blockbuster Koi Mil Gaya.Karma: Koi Aa Raha Hai Waqt BadalneAnother TV show which tried to ride the sci-fi wave created by the success of Koi Mil Gaya is Bongo which aired in the primetime slot of 8:00 p.m. on the state-sponsored national network Doordarshan's DD1 channel in April 2004. Bongo is an animated serial about an alien who comes to earth to save his planet Zapata. The producers of the show, Rudraksha Arts, signed an advertising deal with Parle-G Biscuits, and the show was named Parle-Bongo. The serial did fairly well initially by getting high ratings to become one of the top five shows in children's programming for the week of July 11-16, 2004. Although Parle-Bongo could not consistently sustain its high ratings in subsequent weeks, it garnered media attention as the first television serial in India to use 2-D and 3-D animation to combine cartoon characters with human actors.In May 2004, Sony Entertainment Television launched a sci-fi thriller King Aasman Ka Raja (King of the Skies) also produced by Balaji Telefilms. But Aasman Ka Raja, which was launched without any media promotion or publicity campaign, failed in the ratings game and was quietly withdrawn by Sony. The most recent venture into the realm science fiction on Indian television is Antariksh: Ek Amar Katha (Space: An Eternal Story) which began airing on the primetime slot of 8:00 p.m. on Star Plus on October 2, 2006. The story of Antariksh, which is set 10,000 years in the future, focuses on the adventures of Prince Amar who battles the bad guys led by Rankaal the evil ruler of the Kavran Galaxy. Amar, eldest son of King Shylan, is in line to be the next king of Prithiv. But Amar's jealous brothers plot to strip him of his crown and banish him to the outer regions of space. Exiled in space, Amar fights a hi-tech war against Rankaal who must be destroyed to protect the future of humanity.Antariksh has been billed by the creators of the show, Wild Fire Productions, as India's first mega-sci-fi- serial which they hope will have a cult following among young audiences. However, Antariksh is also being promoted as an epic good versus evil story that is loosely based on the Hindu religious mythology of Ramayana. Rama, the protagonist of Ramayana, is the eldest son of Dasaratha, the king of Ayodhya. Although, Rama is the heir-apparent, he is forced to go into exile by one of Dasaratha's wives who wants her own son to ascend the throne. While in exile, Rama's wife Sita is kidnapped by Ravana, the demon king of Lanka. To rescue his wife, Rama goes to Lanka and kills Ravana in an epic battle.The epic story of Hindu god Ram's triumph over the forces of evil led by Ravana in Ramayana has been an inspiration for many films and television serials in numerous Indian languages. Ramanand Sagar's serial Ramayan, which was telecast on Doordarshan in 1987-88, is by far the most popular and commercially successful versions of the religious epic.In a recent film, Rudraksh (2004), the Ramayana story is recast in the genre of science fiction by director Mani Shankar. Bhura (Suniel Shetty), a laborer working on an archeological expedition finds an ancient rudraksh seed belonging to Lord Ravana from Ramayana. The rudraksh seed gives demonic powers to Bhura who, with the help of his girlfriend Lali (Ishaa Kopikar), seeks to destroy the world. Enter the hero, Varun (Sanjay Dutt) who has supernatural powers of healing other people's pain just by touching. Gayatri (Bipasha Basu) is a scientist from the U.S. who comes to India to study the supernatural, and is fascinated by Varun's powers and falls in love with him. Rest of the film is about how Varun fights Bhura to ensure that good triumphs over evil in the end.One of the reasons for the recent spate of sci-fi films and television shows mixing mythology, science and fiction is that animation and content development is a booming business in India. According to a study by Anderson Consulting in 2004, the Indian animation industry is growing at the rate of 30 per cent annually, and is estimated to be a $15 billion industry by 2008. The National Association of Software and Services Companies (NASSCOM), attributes the growth in Indian animation and content development to the lower cost of production. A typical half-an-hour 3-D animation TV episode in India costs between 70,000 and 100,000 dollars compared with 170,000 to 250,000 dollars in the US (Agence France Presse, “World 'tooning in to Indian animation,” August 26, 2005).To discuss the transformations in Indian animation and content development only in terms of the lower costs of production, as the NASSCOM report suggests, is reminiscent of similar debates about India's relative advantages in outsourcing due to its large low-cost pool of skilled labor in the software industry. However, one major difference between the software industry and the animation industry is that the creative talent required for animation and content development in India is currently very limited. NASSCOM acknowledges that India will need 300,000 professionals in content development and animation by 2008. By way of comparison, in 2001, there were only 27,000 professionals working on animation and content development. (Press Trust of India, “Indian animation industry: $500 mn and raring to go,” August 2, 2004).With a limited but growing pool of experienced talent that is increasingly becoming adept in the use of animation and special-effects technologies, the Indian animation industry is looking both inward and outward for business and creative opportunities. One the one hand, the Indian animation industry is looking to expand globally by providing low-cost services to American, Western European, East Asian and other higher-cost media industries. On the other hand, animation experts and content developers in India are keen to experiment with newer genres in the domestic film and television industries which have for long relied on time-tested formulae like melodrama, slapstick comedy, song-and-dance, and mythological epics.For animation experts in India, providing low-cost services to the global animation industry may well be their daily bread and butter, but producing content for Indian films and television shows is their creative inspiration. If the recent emergence of sci-fi is any indication, Indian animation and content development is in midst of an epic adventure of its own as filmmakers and television producers seem more willing to experiment with formulaic conventions and narrative traditions by mixing religious mythology, science and fiction into hybrid genres and formats. Whether or not this epic adventure of science fiction will result in a triumphant ending, only time will tell; but in this case, time travel is not an option.1. Koi Mil Gaya2. Karma: Koi Aa Raha Hai Waqt BadalneCarly KocurekI wonder to what degree the cost of producing science fiction special effects has played in to the relatively recent rise of this genre in Bollywood. I’m not particularly knowledgeable about that market, but it seems to me that the overhead for these types of effects-driven films would be quite high (the spectacular Bollywood musicals are likely also quite costly, but they’re an established genre at this point), so the risk of “testing” the market with something fairly high tech seems it may have been a sticking point. I’d be interested to hear the author’s thoughts on this. The point about the current rush to get more professionals working in animation and related fields seems it could also be related.MayooriAntariksh Was great.I like all the charcter’s in the serial.All the charcter’s were act very good.I don’t know their real name. Can you mail it for me?please. my E-mail address is Sivamayoori@Yahoo.comKarma was super cool i just loved it but i wanna know the real name of the character who played karma my id is angleeyes23@hotmail.comNanditai really enjoyed this serial, and i love karan who played the role of karma, can anyone tell me his real name, i beg uMUHAMMAD RAYANi also love this drama i have some videos of this dramasi also love this drama i have some videos of this dramas my email id is belowkrayan65@yahoo.complease internet par kaise deka ja sakta hai karma dramanihitwhere i can see all episode of karma online freemy id is nihit92@gmail.comPunit Shahthe actor who played karma was siddharth choudhary.Anand AthawaleI really love Karma and I am still waiting to watch it on TV.I am very very big fan of Karma…my email ID is athawale.anand10@gmail.commuhammad waqassir i have download karma koi aa raha hy waqat badlyn drama series…….ejazplzzz anyone upload karma all episodenoumannomikhan717@gmail.comSuhail AkhtarDo anyone have the videos of Karma? Please Please Please Please Please mail them to ali.suhail05@gmail.comany one give me some episodes of karma mail me umairnoonari2050@gmail.comany one give me some episodes of karmamail me umairnoonari2050@gmail.comHembharPlease upload king aasman Ka raja episodes -Terms of useBy accessing “” (hereinafter “we”, “us”, “our”, “”, “http://www.forum.drinkdeeplyanddream.com”), you agree to be legally bound by the following terms. If you do not agree to be legally bound by all of the following terms then please do not access and/or use “”. We may change these at any time and we’ll do our utmost in informing you, though it would be prudent to review this regularly yourself as your continued usage of “” after changes mean you agree to be legally bound by these terms as they are updated and/or amended. Girls Lacrosse Club of Frisco is a non-profit, recreational program for girls in Kindergarten - 12th grades. Our teams play as the Frisco Fury and we focus on development of the team player including sportsmanship. Spring is our active season and fall is2022 High School Banquet2022 Fall Kick-Off ClinicsLAX GIVES BACK PLAYER WAIVERNEW PLAYER CLINICSPre-Season SKILLS CLINICSTryLax Event by USL2023 Spring Kick Off - Girls Youth ClinicPresident: Darcy SchroerSecretary: Melanie McElroyeTreasurer: Maryam RafieeBrian Creveling (Fundraising)Jack Dixon (Parent Liaison)Christine O Grady (Registrar)High School (Full Team)FURY 5/6Little ScoopersFundraising/SponsorNTX Giving DayFury Donors ClubFury Kickball Classic$127 Campaign How To$127 Campaign Q & ADallas Cowboys TicketsPam (Sagehorn) HenryGLCOF Program Director & Varsity CoachPam Henry, a native of Bridgewater, New Jersey, has enjoyed Texas for a number of years now. She is very excited to continue to coach beginner to top-level athletes who play for the Fury. Most recently she worked as Program Director and Varsity Coach for McKinney Girls Lacrosse. In 2016, her first year with McKinney, she led the varsity team to the district playoffs and quarterfinals at the TGHSLL State Tournament. The team became the 2018 DI Aggieland Champions in 2018. In 2021, Coach Pam led the varsity team to the DII District and State title. She currently coaches the 2023 team for Grit Lacrosse.Pam graduated from Fairleigh Dickinson University (NJ), where she was a two-sport athlete in both Lacrosse and Basketball. Through her college playing years she received various awards including, rookie of the year 02', all-conference 04', MVP 05', lead scorer 04' and 05', and had the honor of team-captain in 05'.After graduation, Pam coached both lacrosse and basketball in New Jersey. She coached basketball at Drew University and both lacrosse and basketball at North Brunswick High School where she was named high school lacrosse coach of the year two consecutive seasons. Upon moving to Texas, she coached Varsity & JV for Allen High School and led the team to the semi-finals in districts and the state tournament.Pam was the Program Director and a coach with Sentry Lacrosse, which was a private club team in Dallas. While she worked with Sentry, she became the program director and coach of the Varsity, JV and 7/8 grade teams at Highland Park for two years. She then took on the Program Director/coach role of Chaos Lacrosse, which is a travel club team for talented lacrosse athletes in North Texas. Some of our current high school players may also recognize Coach Pam from her time as the Youth Girls Director of the Frisco Lacrosse Association.Amy FortneyAssistant Program Director & HS CoachAmy Fortney joins the Frisco Fury family in June 2021 after finishing her sixth year with the Plano Premier Girls Lacrosse program. As the program director and head varsity coach, she led the team to the TGHSLL state tournament four times from 2015-2019. The Plano Premier Varsity team went to district and state semifinals in 2016, was the North District Championship runner up and a state semifinalist in 2017, had the program's most successful year in 2018 and then made the Texas State tournament again in 2019. The 2018 team finished second in the North District and second in the state of Texas. Amy is also a coach for GRIT Lacrosse in Dallas, where she coaches the 2023 and 2027 teams.Prior to moving to Texas, she coached at East Ridge High School in Woodbury, Minnesota, where she started the program and led the team to the District Finals in its inaugural year in 2012 and again in 2013. While in Minnesota, she coached for MN Elite, the premier girls club program in Minnesota.Amy also coached at the St. Andrew’s School in Boca Raton, FL from 2007-2011, and also spent a year at The Godolphin School in Salisbury, England working as a lacrosse coach and physical education teacher.Amy is a Syracuse, NY native and received her Bachelor of Arts degree in political science from the University of Kansas in 2002 before obtaining her master's degree in education in 2005 from Kansas. Amy came to Texas to work at Southern Methodist University as the academic counselor for the men’s basketball team. She made a career change to teaching in 2016 and is now the special education department head at Plano Senior High School in Plano.© 2023 SportsEngine, Inc. The Home of Youth Sports and Girls Lacrosse Club of Frisco (21339). All rights reserved. Visitor # 279,998 Tag: Artemisia GentileschiCabinet of Curiosities (c. 1690s) by Domenico Remps.• “…the human voice is an astonishing landscape”. Jeremy Allen on Desert Equations: Azax Attra (1986) by Sussan Deyhim & Richard Horowitz, an album which is being reissued by Crammed Discs with bonus tracks and an inexplicably rearranged track list. Good as it is, their follow-up release from 1996, Majoun, is even better, and might be better known if it hadn’t been so thoroughly abandoned by Sony Classical.• “On view through May 29, By Her Hand: Artemisia Gentileschi and Women Artists in Italy, 1500–1800 showcases masterpieces done by 17 Italian women to make the case for a broader view of women’s participation in the Italian Renaissance.” Nora McGreevy reports.• “We had a far more profound effect on society than we really understood, and some of us paid for that”: Jane Lapiner and David Simpson of the San Francisco Diggers talking to Jay Babcock in another installment of Jay’s verbal history of the hippie anarchists.• “Close your eyes and you could almost imagine it’s the muffled screams of a ghost trapped in a bottle.” Daryl Worthington on 25 years of The Ballasted Orchestra by Stars Of The Lid.• More Dangerous Visions and New Worlds: Mike Stax talks with Michael Moorcock about music, science fiction, politics, and their intersections in the 1960s.• “Cormac McCarthy to publish two new novels.” Oboy oboy.• At Dennis Cooper’s: Larry Gottheim Day.• Metal Machine Music For Airports• Marginalia Search• Music For Meditation I (1973) by Eberhard Schoener | Music For Evenings (1980) by Young Marble Giants | Music for Twin Peaks Episode #30 (Part I) (1996) by Stars Of The LidAuthor JohnPosted on March 12, 2022 Categories {art}, {books}, {cormac}, {film}, {music}, {painting}, {politics}, {science fiction}Tags Artemisia Gentileschi, Cormac McCarthy, Daryl Worthington, David Simpson, Dennis Cooper, Domenico Remps, Eberhard Schoener, Jane Lapiner, Jay Babcock, Jeremy Allen, Larry Gottheim, Michael Moorcock, Mike Stax, Nora McGreevy, Richard Horowitz, San Francisco Diggers, Stars of the Lid, Sussan Deyhim, Young Marble GiantsDecapitationsJudith with the Head of Holofernes (1520–1540) by Lucas Cranach the Elder.It doesn’t take much effort to refute the jeremiads of those who complain that popular culture is exclusively violent, all that’s usually required is to direct attention to Titus Andronicus or The Revenger’s Tragedy. Compared to the stage, the art world seems at first to be more circumspect, especially in the 19th century when the battles scenes of history painters sprawled across acres of canvas, all of them devoid of the physical trauma of warfare.The Beheading of Saint John the Baptist (1455–60) by Giovanni di Paolo.There are exceptions, however, and the nearer you move to Shakespeare’s time the more examples you’ll find. Paintings produced in an age when violent street executions were still a common sight would have seemed less surprising to their intended audience than they do to our eyes. Several of the paintings here provide a useful contrast with the many sanitised depictions of John the Baptist’s severed head in the Salomé archive.Medusa (c. 1590) by Caravaggio.Of all the paintings of Medusa’s head the one by Caravaggio is the sole example with a gout of spurting blood. It’s also unusual for being painted on a convex panel intended to resemble the reflecting shield of the Gorgon’s killer, Perseus. Given the violent life of the artist the gore isn’t so surprising although the jet of red in his painting of Judith beheading Holofernes still seems shocking if you’ve never seen it before.Judith Beheading Holofernes (1598–99) by Caravaggio.The Biblical story of Judith and Holofernes may be the poor cousin to the more popular story of Salomé but depictions of the crucial event make an impression by being consistently gruesome. I suspect the reason is less to do with the story itself than with the success of Caravaggio’s paintings among cultured Europeans. The copying or imitation of celebrated works became a thriving industry in the days of the Grand Tour with the result that 17th- and 18th-century art is overburdened with variations on earlier paintings.Continue reading “Decapitations”Author JohnPosted on January 19, 2013 October 12, 2013 Categories {art}, {painting}, {religion}, {theatre}Tags Antoine Wiertz, Artemisia Gentileschi, Caravaggio, Léon Bonnat, Lucas Cranach, Lucas Cranach the Elder, Nicolas-Antoine Taunay, Rochegrosse, Rubens, Salomé, Salvador Dalí, Théodore Géricault, Valentin de Boulogne10 Comments on Decapitations FLORIDA: Belligerent Judge Seeks the Circumcision of a 4 Year OldNews of this case had been all over intactivist circles, and as much as I could help it, I didn't want to touch it. But now, the situation in Florida has escalated, and I feel compelled to write about it.A four year old child is caught in the middle of a court dispute. His parents never married, but long ago, they both agreed to have their male child circumcised and signed a legal contract. The boy is now four years old, he hasn't been circumcised, and despite the legal agreement they made earlier, the mother has changed her mind and does not want her son to undergo needless surgery, as the boy is healthy, there is no medical indication for surgical intervention, and there are risks, including death.The case has been in Florida courts for the past year or so, and it has culminated in the judge siding with the father, invoking the legal contract signed by both parents, and ordering that the child must be circumcised as the father wishes, against the mother's wishes, irrespective of what the child, now fully conscious and aware of his own body, wants for himself.We Talk, You Listen: Crippled Early OnOf peculiarity is the fact that the judge sought to disable the mother from defending her case early on. He placed a gag order on her that forbade her from going to the media, or seeking out the funds necessary for her defense. She was not to talk to the boy about what would happen to him. Basically the judge wanted to render her and her child helpless, sitting ducks. I suppose the judge was expecting for the mother to just fold her hands and say "Here! Take the child; he's all yours."Silenced, forbidden from seeking funds, even talking to her own child, what was this mother supposed to do? It is clear that the judge sought to rig this case in the father's favor from the very beginning. In my opinion, this is a problem in and of itself. How is it fair to strip one side of their defenses?Intactivists Step InThe judge may have issued this mother a gag order, but this didn't stop intactivist groups from publicizing this child's case on her behalf, and on behalf of that child. Many groups and individuals have worked hard to raise awareness of this case, and to raise funds for this mother's legal expenses in spite of the judge's attempted blackout. They have also staged protests.At the end of last year, the judge decided the mother didn't have a case, and that plans for the father to have her son circumcised should proceed as detailed in the legal contract signed by both parents. Even so, the mother has tried her best to prolong the legal battle, attempting to extend her son's grace period for as long as she can.Within the past few months, the father has tried to arrange for the elective procedure to happen. On February 18, 2015, the mother filed a motion for injunction. The judge denied the mother’s motion for an injunction and a hearing was scheduled for March 6, 2015. Two days later, on Friday, February 20, 2015, the judge ordered that the circumcision could proceed without the mother’s consent, in the event the mother refuses.It is now March 7th, the father has been seeking to have the child circumcised, and now the mother and child are nowhere to be found. The judge has ruled that the mother must appear in court to hand over her son, and she must sign a consent form to have him circumcised by Tuesday, March 10, 2015 at 2PM or face jail time. In addition, he "blames" her for making the case public.It appears the judge is hell-bent on having this four year old child circumcised, meanwhile trying to paint his mother as some sort of villain for standing up and seeking help on his behalf.Something is seriously the matter with this judge.Many intactivists feared this would happen. In fact, quite a few cautioned against counseling the mother to take the boy and run, that if there were any chance this boy would be spared needless surgery, fleeing with the child would destroy it.But I say, what choice did she have? Besides just stand by and watch as her child is taken from her arms to have a stranger needlessly cut off part of his penis? If running is the only way to extend the protection of this child's rights, then I say so be it.In all honesty, I'm not sure what I, the author of this blog would do if I were in this woman's shoes.I'd like the reader to try and picture what would happen if this case happened in reverse.You have a daughter with someone and you initially agree to have her circumcised. You sign a legal document, and it's binding, as you live in a country where female circumcision is "normal" and socially accepted. You read more information about it and you want to change your mind. You and the person you had your daughter with go to court and the judge sides with that person, citing "research" that says it prevents cancer and STDs, and that it's "very, very safe."You are to hand over your daughter at a determined date to be circumcised, and you will not see her during her healing period.What News Outlets Are SayingOf course, this case has been in the news since last year, and there are too many articles to quote, so I'll be quoting from the most recent articles, and highlighting points from them that jumped out at me.From the Daily Mail (UK):"In a stinging rebuke of the mother, [the judge] said she had successfully dragged out a legal battle and was 'reprehensible' for going missing with the boy and for conduct that has put the 4-year-old in a public spotlight 'making him an object of curiosity and worse'. "What I find "reprehensible" is that this judge has the nerve of trying to vilify this mother after all he has done, trying to put a gag order on her, hastening the child's circumcision by removing the need for her consent, etc.What I find "reprehensible" is the audacity of this judge to condemn that this case be made public.Why is he so concerned that the public not be aware of his ruling?"She will only avoid jail on the contempt charge, [the judge] said, if she signs paperwork necessary to schedule the procedure that she initially agreed to in a legal document."I find it ironic that the judge is basically trying to force this woman to sign consent papers on this child's behalf. "Sign or rot in jail," basically. There goes "consent..." Again, something is seriously the matter with this judge."'This child has been placed in a light that provides much too much scrutiny for a little boy,' the judge said. 'I blame no one but the mother for that.'"This is truly unbelievable.It is more of a problem for this judge, that this child's case is being scrutinized, and not the fact that he has ordered the child undergo needless surgery at the expense of his bodily integrity, not to mention his basic human rights.Says the father:"'She's willing to flee with him and plaster him all over the Internet and do anything she can,' [the father] said. 'She's stated that she's going to do everything that she can to stop it.'"And he is surprised?And then, almost as if obligatory, the article concludes:"The CDC says medical evidence shows benefits clearly outweigh risks, and that circumcision can lower a male's risk of sexually transmitted diseases, penile cancer and urinary tract infections."What the article doesn't say is that in the end, the CDC can't commit to an actual recommendation for male infant circumcision based on the current body of medical literature.The trend of opinion on routine male circumcision is overwhelmingly negative in industrialized nations. No respected medical board in the world recommends circumcision for infants, not even in the name of HIV prevention. They must all point to the risks, and they must all state that there is no convincing evidence that the benefits outweigh these risks. To do otherwise would be to take an unfounded position against the best medical authorities of the West.It must be asked what bearing the half-assed, non-committal CDC statement on male infant circumcision has on a healthy 4 year old who is at zero risk for sexually transmitted disease. Not even the American Cancer Society recommends infant circumcision as a measure to prevent penile cancer, and UTIs are already rare and easily treated.From a blog from NewTimes:"In a hearing held Friday, [the judge] heard testimony from the boy's father, over how [the mother] has fled and vanished with their son. [The father] also asked the court to have [the mother]stop allowing anti-circumcision activists to continue using their son's name and likeness on the internet. She had been ordered to do so in the past but has disobeyed that court order."As if she could stop other groups from doing what they want... As if she or he had any command over it... In the past she was ordered that she was not to make the case public. This didn't mean that others weren't free to do so on her and that poor child's behalf. She didn't disobey anything. That judge has a problem for trying to put a lid on this case."During his testimony, [the father] detailed an incident where [the mother] burst into a doctor's office where the child was being examined in order to schedule a procedure. [The father] said she "threw a tantrum" and yelled at the medical staff that she had not given consent for the boy to be examined by the doctor. [The father] said their son, who had witnessed the outburst, was "visibly shaken." He also claimed that the boy had expressed fear over getting a circumcision. [The father] hinted on the stand that this was due to Hironimus' using "scare tactics" on the boy, though he didn't make clear what those tactics might've been."And why shouldn't this mother have been outraged that her child was being examined for surgery without her consent? It's telling how now the judge, the lawyer and everyone involved on the father's behalf is trying to make the mother look like a villain. Yes, I'm sure it was the mother and her "scare tactics," and not the fact that the child is awaiting someone to come and cut off part of his penis, that scared the child.Really, dad? Some father YOU are..."[The judge]said he expected that, although [the mother] was ordered not to allow the boy's name and likeness to be taken from her personal Facebook and used on these websites, she did anyway. 'I expected this to happen,' [the judge] said during his ruling, 'that the child's likeness would be used, making him an object of curiosity on the Internet.'"But why would he expect that? And why would he want to preempt it with a gag order?Is it the child that the judge fears would be an object of curiosity? Or was it circumcision? Or the fact that it was going to happen on a 4 year old without any medical indication whatsoever?"Moreover, [the judge] said that he had heard enough testimony from doctors that circumcision is safe. 'I have heard testimony from doctors that there are zero cases of penile cancer in circumcised males, but there have been some cases in uncircumcised males,' [the judge] said. 'I've also heard testimony from doctors that there are less cases of STDs in circumcised males than in uncircumcised males.'That circumcised males are immunized against penile cancer is simply categorically false. One must wonder why sexually transmitted disease is a concern in a four year old, and why he couldn't decide what STD prevention methods he would like to employ for himself as a sexually active adult."[The judge], saying he wanted to 'rein in this case,' also added that circumcision is 'short, under local anesthesia, and, at this stage of the boy's life, very, very safe.'"So now, judge is some sort of certified doctor. Yes, I'm sure he must have a degree in pediatric medicine, especially where urology and surgery are concerned.Is he dense or is he deliberately missing the point?Would female circumcision be justified to do in a girl if it "reduced cancer and sexually transmitted diseases," and rendered "very, very safe?"I gleaned the following from The Sun Sentinel, and it seems telling of people's ignorance on the matter:"[The father] has said he decided to pursue the circumcision in December 2013 when the boy was 3, after he said he noticed his son was urinating on his leg. The father on Friday said the boy's pediatrician had diagnosed a condition called phimosis, which prevents retraction of the foreskin."If the reporter at The Sun Sentinel is to be believed, readers are being asked to just ignore the legal document the father has to go on. This is no longer about disputing the validity of a legal agreement, but about whether or not circumcision is medically indicated in the child.The father wasn't intent on circumcising this child at the time he signed the legal document in question, he decided in 2013 he would like to circumcise his son.Yes, let it be heard here that urinating on one's leg is a sign of phimosis, and not of childhood urinary incontinence. Is this some kind of joke?It appears now that the father is seeking to use pseudo-medicine to circumcise this perfectly healthy child.Phimosis? Dad? When medical literature indicates that a child's foreskin does not necessarily retract in infancy? But could remain non-retractile up until late teens?Scraping the bottom of the barrel.'There is no reason this case has to have gone this far, under these circumstances, drawing this much attention to a little boy,' [the judge] said. 'There is just no reason.'The judge is right. He could have just told the father the mother reconsidered, she is as much a parent of the child as he is, and she has every right to change her mind and intervene for her child.I think what the judge means to say here is that he wishes attention to circumcision, particularly the circumcision of a healthy, non-consenting four year-old. Weren't drawn.By now, I think he should be aware that the cat's out of the bag, and a gag-order is not going to stuff it back in."The most recent federal statistics indicate circumcision is waning in popularity across the country, but a national pediatricians' group says the health benefits of the procedure for newborn males are greater than the risks."The national pediatricians' group in question is the AAP, and though yes, they did try to repeat the sound-bite that "the health benefits of circumcision outweigh the risks," many times, in the end, they couldn't commit to a recommendation, citing, in their very own article that, "the benefits are not great enough."Despite what the CDC and AAP have to say on the matter, it remains true and irrefutable fact that no respected medical organization recommends infant circumcision based on current medical literature.How can it be?The judge has made a very true point; how is it that this case has gone on as far as it has?It must be asked, without medical or clinical indication, how is it doctors can legally be performing non-medical surgery on healthy, non-consenting minors? Let alone be giving parents any kind of "choice" in the matter?How is it that whether or not this child will undergo surgery depends on a written agreement, and not on the presence or absence of medical necessity?How is it the court can order a mother to relinquish her son, and her voice to protect that son from needless surgery?There is seriously something very wrong with courts in so-called 1st world developed countries that would allow this to happen.All Wanted Secrecy - But WHY?The father, the judge in this case, the father's lawyers have all tried to put a lid on this case. The judge put a gag order on the mother forbidding her to go to the media, or to seek out funds for her legal expenses. The father in particular was hoping to prevent the boy from becoming a poster boy for human rights activists who opposed the forced circumcision of healthy, non-consenting minors.Why was the judge complicit in trying to keep this case under wraps?It is said that only those who do evil hate the light, and avoid it, lest their deeds should be reproved. They clench their fists and gnash their teeth when anybody dares shine light on them. It is those who speak the truth, and fear not the truth who don't fear the light. Lo, they come to it and stand in it that their deeds may be made manifest.The judge also ordered the media not to release the name of the child, and also asked reporters to be "sensitive" about identifying the parents, "Not in deference to me, but in deference to the protection of the individuals involved."Just whom does the judge want to "protect?" And why? Certainly not the boy. The boy and his well-being are his least concern. He's talking about the "protection" the father who would be surely hated for his actions. And he is most definitely talking about himself, who would be seen as nothing more than an enabler of the deliberate violation of this child's basic human rights.They all know they are engaging in deliberate child abuse through forced genital mutilation, and they do not want the light of scrutiny shone on them.That is why they wanted to have concluded this case in secret.Who Are the Players? What's at Stake?The judge, the father, the father's lawyers etc. would all prefer for there to be a media black out regarding this case.And this is precisely why I'm going to mention the parents' names right here in my blog. (They are no secret, as the names have appeared in other previous news sources.)This is four-year old Chase.This is the poor boy caught in the crossfire between his parents. He is not sick, he is not suffering any kind of illness that indicates surgical treatment. Yet the court has ordered that he needs to undergo surgery, the sole reason being the appeasement of his father. This is the child whose penis is in question. And yet, he is but a bystander in the whole case. No one seems to be bothered, no one seems to be interested in what he has to say regarding the future of his own body. That is, except human rights activists who are fighting for his cause.Heather Hironimus is Chase's mother, here they are pictured together.This is Dennis Nebus is Chase's father.And this is Judge Jeffery Dana Gillen, the judge who appears to have made it his life's mission to see to it that Chase undergoes circumcision.It must be asked, why in the world would a judge be concerned that this case not be made public? Is it the child's well-being he is concerned about? Or is it something that runs a bit deeper?I can only speculate, but I think that this judge knows that siding with the mother and recognizing the fact the boy is healthy, and that circumcision is medically unnecessary, will open up a can of worms across the country, perhaps even the world. More and more circumcision is a hot-button issue in this country, and this judge and others may be working to prevent any kind of precedent that says a child's rights ought to be recognized, or even that a child should be spared in the event that parents cannot come to an agreement.The judge may even have his own personal agenda. I speculate that the judge is himself circumcised, possibly a father to circumcised children, and he is taking the father's side, and placing himself in the father's shoes. Methinks the judge would himself be devastated if his wife would intervene on behalf of his male children and refuse to allow anyone to circumcise them.Based on the fact that he was invited to be a speaker for career day at the Donna Klein Jewish Academy, where all invited speakers are prominent Jews in the community, it has been speculated in intactivist circles that he may be Jewish, and thus have a religious conviction to make sure this case falls through for the mother, and is a victory for the father. In a recent case in Israel, a mother succeeded in preventing her son from undergoing circumcision, much to the chagrin of the child's father, and the rabbinical court who wanted that child circumcised. Perhaps this judge wants to prevent a similar precedent in the US? It is possible the Academy may have made an exception and decided to invite a non-Jew to address the students, but doubtful given that one of the main goals of the event seems to be laud accomplishments made by Jewish members.At any rate, one way or another, I suspect the judge of having a dog in the race, and is abusing his position of power to make sure things go his way. He ought to be relieved from this case, and it should be seen by other judges. This man is proving to be arrogant and belligerent, and it is clear that he could care less for the well-being of this child."A Personal Choice"Circumcision advocates like to bandy about these words when it comes to defending parents who are adamant that their children be circumcised, but it seems their very meaning is lost on them, because they seem to be, either intentionally, or deliberately, leaving out the person whose genitals are in question.If the child were actually suffering a condition, it would be a different matter, as treatment is necessary, and parents would be faced with having to make a decision.But otherwise, why is the child and his own express wishes completely ignored?In essence, the courts are treating this child like a slave in a business transaction between owners. Perhaps even worse; he's being treated like cattle to be branded.No "personal choice," no basic human rights, no human dignity for this child.The foreskin is not a birth defect. Neither is it a congenital deformity or genetic anomaly akin to a 6th finger or a cleft. Neither is it a medical condition like a ruptured appendix or diseased gall bladder. Neither is it a dead part of the body, like the umbilical cord, hair, or fingernails.The foreskin is not "extra skin." The foreskin is normal, natural, healthy, functioning tissue, present in all males at birth; it is as intrinsic to male genitalia as labia are to female genitalia.Unless there is a medical or clinical indication, the circumcision of a healthy, non-consenting individuals is a deliberate wound; it is the destruction of normal, healthy tissue, the permanent disfigurement of normal, healthy organs, and by very definition, infant genital mutilation, and a violation of the most basic of human rights.Without medical or clinical indication, doctors have absolutely no business performing surgery in healthy, non-consenting individuals, much less be eliciting any kind of "decision" from parents.There is something seriously wrong with the courts in Florida, or any court that would allow the elective, non-medical circumcision on a healthy, non-consenting individual, especially a four year old child, where the child will be old enough, fully aware, and fully conscious of what would happen to his body, and who will remember this event for the rest of his life.The court system is broken if the rights of a healthy, non-consenting individual are tramped.This is the face of a Muslim child just before he undergoes a ritual circumcision. In Muslim traditions, children are circumcised at much later ages. Notice the comfort money he has been given. Notice where his hands are. Notice the look of fear and despair in his face. No one used "fear tactics" to scare this child. He knows what's coming, and he is scared. I can only imagine that if Chase is forcibly circumcised, his face too will look something like this just before. My heart breaks just to think about it.May there be justice for this poor child."Who will cry for the little boy, he cried himself to sleepWho will cry for the little boy, who never had it for keepsWho will cry for the little boy, who walked on burning sandsWho will cry for the little boy, the boy inside a manWho will cry for the little boy, who knew well hurt and painWho will cry for the little boy, who died and died againWho will cry for the little boy, a good boy he tried to beWho will cry for the little boy, who cries inside of me"From the movie Antwone FischerSOMEBODY has got to stand up for this boy and mother. Somebody has got to be their voice.SHAME on this judge for taking this mother's voice away, and for disregarding the voice of the boy whose body is in question.SHAME on him for abusing his position of power.Common Sense in IsraelThe Circumcision Blame GameUSA: Centers for Disease Control to Mirror American Academy of PediatricsLabels: AAP, CDC, circumcision risks, Florida, forced circumcision, human rights, litigation, male infant circumcision, risksUnknown March 7, 2015 at 9:38 AMJudge Gillen is enabling child abusers. Just like in the 1960's and 1970's, this struggle is still about the most fundamental American principle and value - "We hold these Truths to be self-evident, that all Men are created equal...". Anyone who doesn't believe in equality is un-American. Black Americans who suffer racial discrimination and segregation, Gay Americans who are prevented from marrying by bigots, women who are denied equal pay for equal work, and baby American boys who are sexually mutilated by profiteering doctors - all are denied equal treatment and their Human Rights.P-l-e August 17, 2016 at 4:51 AMHopefully, if Chase beats his leukemia and grows into a strapping lad, he will take an iron bar to his father, breaking every bone in his limbs in retribution for his father's cruelty to him; he should also consider doing same to Jeffrey Gillen and Gary Birken.Joseph August 29, 2016 at 6:45 AMSadly, there is little Chase can do to seek redress for what was done to him, and the state helped facilitate. I wish there were, but at the moment, it seems he would be laughed out of court. There's "male privilege" for you.I cannot say what it is that should be done to the men responsible, or what measures Chase should take. All I can say is that Chase was abused, and these men are responsible, and should be held responsible one way, or another...FLORIDA UPDATE: Father Intent on Circumcising 4-yo...FLORIDA UPDATE: Mother in Circumcision Dispute Fai...FLORIDA: Belligerent Judge Seeks the Circumcision ... KCM PublishingPrescription for DisasterDr. John Cesari is a gastroenterologist employed at Saint Matt’s Hospital in Manhattan. He tries to escape his unsavory past on the Bronx streets by settling into a Greenwich Village apartment with his girlfriend, Kelly. After his adventures in Hostile Hospital, Cesari wants to stay under the radar of his many enemies.Through no fault of his own, Cesari winds up in the wrong place at the wrong time. A chance encounter with a mugger turns on its head when Cesari watches his assailant get murdered right before his eyes.After being framed for the crime, he attempts to unravel the mystery, propelling himself deeply into the world of international diamond smuggling. He is surrounded by bad guys at every turn and behind it all are Russian and Italian mobsters determined to ensure Cesari has an untimely and unpleasant demise.His prescription is to beat them at their own game, but before he can do that he must deal with a corrupt boss and an environment filled with temptation and danger from all sides. Everywhere Cesari goes, someone is watching. The dramatic climax will leave you breathless and wanting more.Readers have also enjoyed Hostile Hospital as a prequel to Prescription for Disaster. Avanzato is now working on the third novel in this series, Temperature Rising.Buy this book:Ebook EditonsOrder on ingramJohn Avanzato grew up in the Bronx. After receiving a bachelor’s degree in biology from Fordham University, he went on to earn his medical degree at the State University of New York at Buffalo, School of Medicine. He is currently a board certified gastroenterologist in Geneva, New York, where he lives with his wife of twenty-five years.Inspired by authors like Tom Clancy, John Grisham, and Lee Child, John writes about strong but flawed heroes. He is currently working on Prescription for Disaster, the sequel to Hostile Hospital.April 2015 – Finger Lakes Health NewsletterHH 4-3-15Copyright @ 2021 All Rights Reserved ETFs Are Gaining on Mutual Funds: Here's WhyInvestor demand for exchange-traded funds (ETFs) has increased over the last decade due to some attractive features that set them apart from mutual funds. At the end of 2021, almost $7.2 trillion was invested in more than 2,500 ETFs. This is equivalent to 27% of the assets invested in mutual funds, up from just 9% in 2011.1Fund Meets StockLike a mutual fund, an ETF is a portfolio of securities assembled by an investment company. Mutual fund shares are typically purchased from and sold back to the investment company and priced at the end of the trading day, with the price determined by the net asset value (NAV) of the underlying securities. By contrast, ETF shares can be traded throughout the day on stock exchanges, like individual stocks, and the price may be higher or lower than the NAV because of supply and demand. In volatile markets, ETF prices may quickly reflect changes in market sentiment, while NAVs — adjusted once a day — take longer to react, resulting in ETFs trading at a premium or a discount.Indexes and DiversificationLike mutual funds, ETFs may be passively managed, meaning they track an index of securities, or actively managed, guided by managers who assemble investments chosen to meet the fund's objectives. Whereas active management is common among mutual funds, most ETFs are passively managed.Investors can choose from a wide variety of indexes, ranging from broad-based stock or bond indexes to specific market sectors or indexes that emphasize certain factors. This makes ETFs a helpful tool to gain exposure to various market segments, investing styles, or strategies, potentially at a lower cost. Diversification is a method used to help manage investment risk; it does not guarantee a profit or protect against investment loss.Investors who own mutual fund shares actually own shares in the underlying investments, so when investments are sold within the fund, there may be capital gains taxes if the fund is held outside of a tax-advantaged account. By contrast, an investor who owns ETF shares does not own the underlying investments and generally will be liable for capital gains taxes only when selling the ETF shares.Trading, Expenses, and RisksETFs typically have lower expense ratios than mutual funds — a large part of their appeal. However, you may pay a brokerage commission when you buy or sell shares, so your overall costs could be higher, especially if you trade frequently. Whereas mutual fund assets can usually be exchanged within a fund family at the end of the trading day at no cost, moving assets between ETFs requires selling and buying assets separately, which may be subject to brokerage fees and market shifts between transactions.Number of ETFs by type of underlying investmentSource: Investment Company Institute, 2022 (data as of January 2022). Bond funds are subject to the same inflation, interest rate, and credit risks as their underlying bonds. As interest rates rise, bond prices typically fall, which can adversely affect a bond fund's performance. A portfolio invested only in companies in a particular industry or market sector may not be sufficiently diversified and could be subject to higher volatility and risk. Investing internationally carries additional risks, such as financial reporting differences, currency exchange risk, and economic and political risk unique to the specific country. This may result in greater share price volatility.Mutual funds typically have minimum investment amounts, but you can generally invest any dollar amount after the initial purchase, buying partial shares as necessary. By contrast, you can purchase a single share of an ETF if you wish, but you can typically only purchase whole shares.The trading flexibility of ETFs may add to their appeal, but it could lead some investors to trade more often than might be appropriate for their situations. The principal value of ETFs and mutual funds fluctuates with market conditions. Shares, when sold, may be worth more or less than their original cost. The performance of an unmanaged index is not indicative of the performance of any specific security. Individuals cannot invest directly in any index.1) Investment Company Institute, 2022 How to Correct an Error on Your Credit ReportAccording to the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau (CFPB), credit report errors more than doubled during the coronavirus pandemic. In addition, the CFPB found that many pandemic protections which were designed to help consumers, such as loan forbearance periods on federal student loans and federally backed mortgages, ended up negatively impacting their credit reports as a result of complications such as processing delays and suspended payments being marked incorrectly.1 This is a significant issue for many consumers, because credit report errors may negatively impact creditworthiness and potentially lead to negative financial consequences, such as being offered higher mortgage interest rates or being turned down for a job or an apartment lease.Fortunately, changes made during the pandemic have made it easier to stay on top of your credit report. Under new expanded rules, you are now eligible to obtain a free weekly credit report from each of the three nationwide credit reporting bureaus until April 20, 2022. To obtain free reports, go to AnnualCreditReport.com where you can fill out an online form, choose the reports you want, and, after answering some security questions, review your reports online.If you find an error on your credit report, there are steps you can take to correct it. First, contact the credit reporting agency to dispute the error. You can do this online or by mail. Explain why you are disputing the information and be sure to include documentation that supports your dispute. The credit reporting bureau generally has 30 to 45 days to investigate the disputed information. Once the investigation is complete, the credit reporting bureau must provide you with written results. If the credit reporting bureau confirms that your credit report does contain errors, the information on your report must be removed or corrected.If you do not agree with the credit bureau’s investigation results, you can ask that a statement of the dispute be included in your file and in future reports. You can also contact the creditor that reported the information to the credit reporting bureau and dispute it with the creditor directly. If the creditor finds that the information is inaccurate, it must notify each credit bureau to which it has reported the information so the information can be updated or deleted. If you believe the error is the result of identity theft, you may need to take additional steps to resolve the issue, such as placing a fraud alert or security freeze on your credit report.Keep in mind that correcting a credit report error can often be a time-consuming and emotionally draining process. If at any time you believe that your credit reporting rights are being violated, you can file a complaint with the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau at consumerfinance.gov.1) Consumer Financial Protection Bureau, 2021 The King's Dream by Harris TobiasWhat an AMAZING book!! The King's Dream is a beautifully magical fairy tale that I would recommend to anyone parent or child. I give it 5 stars for both illustrations and story. The moral lesson that this book teaches is wonderful, and reminds us all that dreams can't be bought, only lived. I loved reading this, and am blown away by the fantastic illustrations. What a great book!!About this author:Harris Tobias lives and writes in Charlottesville, Virginia. He is the author of several novels and dozens of short stories. His fiction has appeared in Ray Gun Revival, Dunesteef Audio Magazine, The Way of the Buffalo Podcast, Quantum Muse and many other on-line publications. His poetry has appeared in Vox Poetica, The poem Factory and The Poetry Super Highway. You can find links to his novels at: http://harristobias-fiction.blogspot....About the illustrator:Cathy-Reene (AKA Catherine Bassova) – a freelance traditional and digital illustrator living in Seattle, USA. My focus is: children’s book illustrations, character design, advertising, and decorative/surface design. To see her work, or contact her for freelance opportunities visit her website: http://cathy-reene.com/ New York Mets Stomp Philadelphia Phillies 9-1by Flushing Baseball Daily under MLBJust about everything went right for the Mets last night as their offense carried them for nine runs and starter Jon Niese was brilliant during a seven inning performance that kept the Mets atop first place.The Mets jumped out to a 3-0 lead in the second inning when David Wright hit a two-run home run and two batters later Jeff Francoeur hit a solo shot. Rod Barajas hit his first homer of the season to put the Mets up 4-1 in the fifth. The Mets then broke it open with a four-run seventh where they seemingly got contributions from everybody.The entire time Niese stayed ahead of batters and struck out seven. The bullpen finished the job with two scoreless innings.Angel Pagan went 3-for-5 with a run and 2 RBI.Luis Castillo went 0-for-5. Jose Reyes went 1-for-5 with an RBI.Jason Bay went 1-for-5 with a run scored.David Wright went 1-for-4 with a run scored and 2 RBI’s, all came on his home run.Ike Davis went 0-for-3 with a walk.Jeff Francoeur went 1-for-2 with 2 runs, an RBI, and a stolen base.Rod Barajas went 3-for-4 with 3 runs, 3 RBI, and a pair of home runs.Jon Niese’s line: 7 IP, 4 H, 1 R, 1 ER, 1 BB, 7 K.Jenrry Mejia and Manny Acosta eached pitched an inning. Their line: 2 IP, 2 H, 0 R, 0 ER, 1 BB, 1 K.Francoeur was hit with a pitch in the seventh inning and removed from the game.Like I wrote yesterday, this was a big game for the Mets. They are going up against Roy Halladay for the first time since he was traded to the Phillies. They have Mike Pelfrey , who has been phenomenal this season, going up against him so they certainly can win that game, but now all they have to do is split the next two games to take the series.This game also showed that the Mets, and the rest of the NL East for that matter, shouldn’t just concede this division to the Phillies, they have problems of their own.This lineup can beat the Mets opening day lineup’s butt. Even though they are mostly the same players, they look entirely different.Why is Jenrry Mejia in the majors if he is just a mop-up guy?Line of the DayExtra base hits: 8. The Mets had eight extra-base hits. For so much of the season we have been wondering where their power went. They found it last night.“We fed off each other,” Francoeur said. “The first (seven hits) were extra-base hits, and we were kidding around saying, ‘The first person who hits a single, we were going to fine 50 bucks.”’The Mets will look for at least a split of the next two games to win the series and stay in first place.Saturday, May 1: RHP Mike Pelfrey (4-0, 0..69) @ RHP Roy Halladay (4-1, 1.80)Sunday, May 2: LHP Johan Santana (3-1, 2.08) @ LHP Jamie Moyer (2-2, 5.25)Baseball, Game Recap, New York Mets, NL East Title XXXIIIREGULATION OF TRADE, COMMERCE, INVESTMENTS, AND SOLICITATIONS Chapter 553BUILDING CONSTRUCTION STANDARDS View Entire Chapter553.901 Purpose of thermal efficiency code.—The Department of Business and Professional Regulation shall prepare a thermal efficiency code to provide for a statewide uniform standard for energy efficiency in the thermal design and operation of all buildings statewide, consistent with energy conservation goals, and to best provide for public safety, health, and general welfare. The Florida Building Commission shall adopt the Florida Building Code-Energy Conservation, and shall modify, revise, update, and maintain the code to implement the provisions of this thermal efficiency code and amendments thereto, in accordance with the procedures of chapter 120. The department shall, at least triennially, determine the most cost-effective energy-saving equipment and techniques available and report its determinations to the commission, which shall update the code to incorporate such equipment and techniques. The proposed changes shall be made available for public review and comment no later than 6 months before code implementation. The term “cost-effective,” as used in this part, means cost-effective to the consumer.History.—s. 1, ch. 77-128; s. 2, ch. 80-193; s. 78, ch. 81-167; s. 1, ch. 81-226; s. 1, ch. 82-197; s. 81, ch. 83-55; s. 3, ch. 84-273; s. 1, ch. 88-213; s. 5, ch. 93-249; s. 93, ch. 2000-141; s. 34, ch. 2001-186; s. 3, ch. 2001-372; s. 418, ch. 2011-142; s. 18, ch. 2013-193. You are here: Home / News / Industry News / Stages of Bearing Cage DamageStages of Bearing Cage DamageWhen the bearing is working, more or less it will cause a certain degree of damage and wear due to friction, especially high temperature operation, which will even damage the shaft bearing cage. According to the degree of damage, it is generally divided into different stages, and as a consequence, the bearing cage used must have good thermal conductivity and a small friction factor, which is in the position to reduce the damage rate of the bearing. Therefore, today we will introduce the four stages of bearing cage damage in the future.The First StageThis stage is the budding stage where the metal bearing begins to fail. At this time, the temperature and noise are normal, and at the same time, the total amount of vibration speed and frequency spectrum are normal, and on the contrary, there are negative signs of peak energy and spectrum, reflecting the initial stage of shaft bearing failure. At this moment, the frequency of the real bearing failure appears in the ultrasonic section about 20-60khz range.The Second StageAt this stage, the temperature of the small bearings is normal, the noise and the total vibration speed increasing slightly, and the vibration spectrum does not change significantly. However, there is a large increase in peak energy and the spectrum is more prominent. At this time, the frequency of bearing failure appears in the range of about 500hz-2khz.The Third StageWhen the damage reaches this stage, the temperature of the shaft bearing rises slightly, noise being heard, the total amount of vibration speed increasing greatly, and the frequency of the metal bearing failure and its harmonics and sidebands are clearly visible on the vibration speed spectrum. In addition, the noise level on the vibration velocity spectrum is significantly increased, the total amount of peak energy becoming larger than the second stage, and the spectrum is more prominent. At this time, the frequency of bearing failure appears in the range of about 0-1khz. Therefore, it is recommended to replace the bearings at the end of the third stage where the rolling bearing failure characteristics such as visible wear should clearly appear.The Fourth StageThis last stage is also the most serious one, where the temperature rises obviously, the noise intensity changing obviously, and the total vibration speed and vibration displacement increasing obviously. The small bearings failure frequency on the vibration velocity spectrum begin to disappear and is replaced by a larger random broadband high-frequency noise level. The total amount of peak energy increases rapidly, and some unstable changes may occur. Consequently, the shaft bearing must not be allowed to operate in the fourth stage of failure development, otherwise it may give rise to occur catastrophic damage.The above four stages will cause different degrees of damage to the metal bearing cage. In fact, there are still many unpredictable problems in daily work, and as a result, it is recommended that once the problems of the bearing cage are divided into the third stage, it is recommended to replace them to avoid more serious failures. Title: SplitDirector: Renata PoljakScreenwriter: Renata PoljakCamera: Boris PoljakSound: Iva IvanEditing: Jan KlemscheMusic: Ivan ArnoldProducer: Renata PoljakProduction: REAAn intimate story about a divorce that took place in Split, the city from which the author hails. An analogy is made between the city of Split (Eng. to split – to separate) and a parting of the ways between two people.Renata Poljak (Split, 1974) is a visual artist and filmmaker. She graduated from the Arts Academy in Split, Croatia in 1997 and obtained an MA at École Régionale des Beaux-Arts (Film and Video Department) in Nantes, France in 1999. Her works have been shown at numerous national and international...Festivals where it was shown:2021. - Festival mediteranskog filma Split (Split, Hrvatska)2021. - International Short Film Festival Oberhausen (Oberhausen, Germany)Trailers: REFINISHING & RESTORATIONTeak RestorationMore Than FurnitureHints and Tips from the restoration specialist.If you'd like to contact Mark directly, please use the link below to email him.Email markTo Refinish Or Not Refinish, That Is The QuestionToday there are so many choices for good cheap furniture. Take a look at Ikea, huge stores and many choices and the prices are reasonable. You also have all the stores that you don’t pay a thing for a million years. You could probably furnish your whole house and not pay a cent. Many people do this and it works just fine. To others, furniture serves a purpose and looks aren’t as important as functionality and when it wears out it’s replaced with a yard sale find or a trip to the auction. This is fine also!These generally are not the people to have a piece of furniture refinished or restored. It just wouldn’t be feasible and should be undesirable for the refinisher. So who is having furniture refinished? Or I should say who should have their furniture refinished?There are many things to consider when making that decision. Finding a specialist is becoming difficult these days. In the seventies everyone was refinishing before all the big box stores came about and each town would have three or four refinishers. Not many took up the trade since and because it’s a knowledge based trade becoming a refinisher over night just doesn’t happen. That’s the first difficulty, second could be the price. Refinishing involves time, lots of time, and many stages and lots of knowledge gained through experience. This isn’t free and as much as restoration specialists love their jobs, we have families and bills also. If you’re a refinisher you have a shop and all the equipment and tools and everything else you have to have to own a business in Canada. There is a cost to this and it’s called a shop rate. I talk about these two things because my experience tells me that it’s the two things that the public have to consider before they make that decision. Where do a find a reputable specialist and what is it going to cost me?My customers are having heirlooms refinished. It’s just that simple! Unless the furniture has value to you then refinishing just isn’t feasible. Keeping something in the family is a big thing for many people and I can’t blame them. Heirlooms always have a story and I hear them all the time. These people take great pride in the history and some day would like to pass it on to others. This work is very enjoyable to me. Others make a purchase of value or uniqueness and decide to make it an heirloom with the intention of passing it on. Others are just into furniture and decorating as a passion and the cost of having a piece custom refinished is just part of the passion. It’s no different than someone having a custom paint job on their Harley or vintage car etc. Today repurposing is becoming a big thing. I enjoy this as it usually means making a piece of furniture functional. I recently had a request to make an old 78 record cabinet into a wine cabinet. I was just approached by a couple who have a beautiful house full of interesting furniture and none of it is new. Although they have a beautiful dining room set the reality is that they eat at the coffee table each night. They requested that I build them a functional coffee/dining table from reclaimed wood. Once I looked at the sketches they had put together, I was on board. It will be a one off, which is a big thing for many people!It is the people that see the value in refinishing that are having the work done. If you don’t see the value in the history or you don’t have a passion for furniture or interior design then refinishing is not for you. The next hurdle is the price of refinishing which is something I would like to talk about in the near future.www.marco43.caAll around good guy. Down to earth and great sense of humour. A perfectionist, meticulous, taking pride in the work completed on each piece of furniture. ProjectMark2015-11-05T15:11:17+00:00Surface active agents (SAs), or surfactants and emulsifiers, are a group of chemicals which form an indispensable component in almost every sector of modern industry and has a total global production estimate of over 13 million tonnes per year because of their capacity to mix water-soluble and oily substances together.The importance of SAs to industry is shown not only by the enormous volumes that are used but by the range and diversity of industrial applications, including healthcare, agriculture, public health, textiles, food and in environmental pollution control.However, while having a tremendous industrial importance most of them are synthetically manufactured using petrochemicals, which are non-renewable and also have a potentially toxic effect on humans and the environment.Now the MARISURF project, an international consortium led by a team at Heriot-Watt University, hopes that, with the aid of a €4.8m grant from Horizon 2020, the EU framework programme for research and innovation, their work can satisfy an increasing consumer demand for natural and ‘environmentally-friendly’ ingredients, as well as changing government legislation requiring a shift toward industrial use of renewable and less toxic compounds.A Marisurf press release was issued on April 21 ht[...]The project was extended until end February 2021 d[...]84th Thessaloniki International Fair (TIF) Greece, September 7-15 2019Democritus University of Thrace (DUTH) , one of th[...]Marine microbial surfactants: searching for needles in a haystackMarine microbial surfactants: searching for needle[...]End of year 4 updateIn the fourth year (Sep 18 to Aug 19), BBEPP has [...] GuadelupeVenezuela: the April 14 presidential elections and the tasks of the revolutionJorge MartínIt is a week now since the death of Hugo Chávez and there are still kilometer long queues of people coming from all over the country to pay their last respects. Presidential elections have been called for April 14 and the mood is turning angry at the provocations of the oligarchy.Mass demonstration accompanying Chavez' coffinIt is very difficult to convey even a fraction of the outpouring of grief and emotion which Venezuela has witnessed in the last week. According to some accounts, as many as two million people came out to accompany the coffin, as it was being transported from the Military Hospital to the Próceres where it was to be displayed. The route is around 8 km long and it took the funeral procession over 7 hours to cover it.In the days that followed, hundreds of thousands - probably millions - queued for hours, some for days, to say their last farewell to the president. It is not just the social programs implemented by the Bolivarian government. Above all it is the sense that for the last 14 years, the overwhelming majority of the population, workers, the poor, peasants, and many who would describe themselves as middle class; have for the first time taken their future in their own hands. The deep feeling of pride and dignity, which ordinary working people have gotten from participating directly in the revolution and defending it against the repeated assaults of the oligarchy and imperialism, created a very powerful bond with the president.The mood was aptly summed up by Mario Escalona, a community council activist from Yaracuy, quoted in the excellent chronicle of the funeral by Ewan Robertson of Venezuelanalysis:“I’m here representing this new homeland that our Comandante founded. We come from a struggle; as our Comandante said to us in his final national message. We also come from community councils; we’re spokespersons of community councils, people’s power, and the tool that Hugo Chávez left us. To the whole people of Venezuela and the whole world we say: Chávez didn’t die, he’s in our hearts.”Clearly, the mood was not just one of grief; there has also been a clear commitment to defending the conquests of the revolution and of carrying it forward. An indication of this was the fact that as soon as the news of Chávez's death were announced, a group of chavista motorcycle riders from the 23 de Enero neighbourhood went to Chacao, where a small group of opposition youth had chained themselves demanding to “see proof of life for Chávez”, and swiftly dispersed them and set their tents on fire.A comrade from Caracas described a conversation he had with a group of rank and file militants as they were going to the funeral. One of them was a woman who was an officer in the reserve, whose son was serving in the army in the border with Colombia. She said that talking with her mum, he had told her that if something happened, she would leave her younger child with her mother, and take up arms to defend the revolution. She added that in her view, the best way to defend the revolution in this new period was that every household should become “an armed fortress of the revolution,” that the people should be armed. She explained that, of course, she did not wish for an armed conflict among Venezuelans, but that the revolution should be defended, arms in hand if needed, against any aggression of the oligarchy and imperialism.Many people who, for one reason or another, had not been actively participating in the revolutionary movement in the recent period, are now becoming active again. There is a feeling that now that Chávez is no longer at the head of the revolution, it is down to the rank and file militants to ensure the continuation of the revolution.These incidents reveal the real mood amongst the masses. The ruling class is really frightened. Despite their best efforts to organise a “pans and pots” protest, their own supporters have until now preferred to stay home.The bourgeois media and US imperialism have insisted on the idea that “the Constitution must be respected” and that the “transition” must be “fully democratic”. The sly implication is that somehow the constitution was going to be violated and that democratic rules would not be respected. The Venezuelan “democratic” opposition went further and alleged that a “coup” had taken place, when Vice-president Nicolas Maduro was sworn as President-in-charge by the National Assembl. For this reason they boycotted the session where this took place.How hypocritical. These are the same people who opposed the Bolivarian constitution, burnt copies of it at their demonstrations and suspended all democratic rights and constitutional guarantees during the April 2002 coup which they organised in cooperation with Washington.They are also wrong from a legal and constitutional point of view. Chávez was not only president elect, but he had also been re-elected and had already appointed his Cabinet in November. The constitution establishes clearly that in the case of “permanent absence” of the president, the vice-president will take over and new elections will be called within 30 days.One could hardly think of a more democratic procedure, one which, incidentally, does not exist in many other countries, where there is no legal requirement to call new elections if the president dies. In the US for instance, if the president dies he or she is replaced by the vice-president and no election is called. In Spain, of course, the head of state is not elected as there is a Monarchy, with the present King Juan Carlos I having been appointed as his successor by Franco – a dictator.However, this is not about constitutional legality. The Venezuelan ruling class does not really care whether Maduro (the Vice-president) or Cabello (president of the National Assembly) take over for the next five weeks until the presidential elections on April 14. What they are interested is in creating a constant climate of uncertainty and tarnishing all institutions with a suspicion of illegitimacy.This, in turn, is provoking a backlash amongst the revolutionary people, who are sick and tired of the so-called “democratic” opposition, who organised a coup in 2002, constantly questioning the democratic legitimacy of the revolution.Then on Friday 8 March, the main opposition leader, Capriles, went on the offensive saying that the decision for Maduro to become president-in-charge was a “constitutional fraud”. In an arrogant and condescending tone he said: “Nicolas, nobody has elected you president, boy.” This was combined with a campaign of the opposition attacking Nicolás Maduro for having been a bus driver, revealing the depth of class hatred which inspires these “democrats”. The oligarchy, the bankers, landowners and capitalists, who have ruled the country as their own private fiefdom for the best part of 200 years, believe that they have a god given right to rule. They could not, in the case of Chávez, stomach the idea of someone who came from the people and spoke the language of the people being the president. Now they insist that a “simple bus driver” cannot be a president.To add insult to injury, on Sunday, Capriles spoke at another press conference in which he alleged that the Bolivarian leadership had lied for two months about Chávez's illness. Furthermore he claimed that they had lied about the time and circumstances of his death. “Who knows when he died,” he said, without presenting any proof of these very serious allegations and not allowing any questions from the journalists present. The backlash against him was such that Maduro warned the opposition was provoking a “tsunami of popular anger” which could end up in violence.As a graphic demonstration of the balance of forces, a huge crowd accompanied Maduro when he went to register as a presidential candidate. Replying with irony to the insults of the opposition, he arrived driving a bus! The opposition candidate Capriles did not register personally. No one accompanied him.The demonstration accompanying MaduroAt the end of the huge Bolivarian rally, thousands stayed behind for a few hours discussing and shouting slogans. Amongst them one which reflects the mood of the masses: “el peo no es con Chávez, el peo es con nosotros” - which can roughly be translated as: “this is not about Chávez, this is about us”. Capriles has accused Maduro of turning the campaign into a battle between Chávez and Capriles, rather than about himself. The people in their wisdom replied that in reality this is not even about Chávez, but about the will of the revolutionary working people.The presidential election on April 14 will also take place immediately after the commemoration of the anniversary of the April 2002 coup and the revolutionary mobilisation which smashed it. This would also serve as a reminder of what is at stake.There is no doubt that this will be yet another victory for the revolution. The revolutionary masses understand this election as a tribute to Chávez and a reaffirmation of the need to carry the revolution forward. They wholeheartedly support Maduro as he was the candidate proposed by Chávez in December, when he warned about the frail state of his health. But this does not mean that they are giving him a blank cheque.Maduro will be judged on his actions and on the yardstick of the program of the revolution. Not by the upper class sifrino youth of the urbanizaciones in the East of Caracas, nor the learnt lawyers and “educated” ladies and gentlemen, the “people with surnames” as Maduro called them. Neither will it be the oligarchy who hate the fact that he comes from a working class background. Rather, it will be the industrial workers of Guayana, fighting for workers control; the women of Gotcha, the occupied factory in Aragua; the revolutionary militants of the communal councils of the 23 de Enero, Catia, Antímano, Petare and many other poor neighbourhoods; the oil workers; the peasants being killed over agrarian reform; the Yupka indigenous people whose leader was killed the week before Chávez's death; the workers and youth who have joined the militias, etc.They will put Maduro and the new Bolivarian government to the test, demanding that they remain loyal to the socialist aims of the revolution, that there is no conciliation with the oligarchy, no watering down of the program, no concessions to those whose sole aim is to destroy the revolution and its achievements. They will resist any attempt by the bureaucracy and the reformists to continue to block the revolutionary will of the masses.Just before Chávez's death a conflict was already brewing against the bureaucracy within the Bolivarian movement over the selection of candidate for Caracas mayor. It had been announced that all Bolivarian candidates for municipal elections would be selected democratically by the rank and file. But then, there was talk that this same process would not apply for Caracas mayor. The reason was clear to everyone, one of the main representatives of the radical left wing of the movement, former Commerce Minister Eduardo Samán, had announced his intention to stand.The assassination of the traditional leader of the Yupka people Sabino Romero on March 3 also provoked a wave of anger on the part of rank and file revolutionary activists. Everyone knew that Sabino's life was under threat. His 109 year old father had been beaten to death the year before. The reason was his leading role in the struggle for the recognition of indigenous land rights in the Sierra del Perijá. This area, on the border to Colombia, is ruled by cattle ranchers, mining corporations and paramilitaries.But nothing was done to protect Romero and the struggle he represented. The landowners and mining companies are directly responsible for his death, but the bourgeois state is also an accomplice. Chávez himself had declared publicly that he was on the side of the indigenous peoples and had given orders to expropriate the land to be given to the indigenous communities. But as in many other instances, this was being blocked by bureaucrats in ministries, judges, and military officers. In November 2012, the Yupka people travelled to Caracas to press for their demands, overcoming several road blocks aimed at preventing them from leaving their communities. They wanted to talk to Chávez directly. On that occasion, Sabino Romero declared: “we have been revolutionary and socialists for many years, but the Ministry is manipulating us. The problem is not Chávez, but those who are below him.”The elements of workers' control in the basic industries in Guayana - which were implemented by Chávez who was responding to the demands of the workers' themselves - have been almost eradicated in a vicious campaign involving the state bureaucracy, the regional “Bolivarian” governor, the trade union bureaucrats of the FBT trade union federation and the multinationals.The workers at Cerámicas Caribe ceramics factory in Yaracuy have been fighting for their collective bargaining agreement for three years and have defeated an attempt of the bosses to impose a yellow union. They have now taken the step to guard the premises as they suspect the owners want to remove the machinery and declare bankruptcy in order to break the union. Throughout this process the workers have been ignored by the labour inspector and the regional representative of the Ministry of Labour. President Chávez already intervened in the conflict more than a year ago. He gave clear instructions that unless the bosses accepted the demands of the workers the factory should be expropriated. But this order has not been implemented by the authorities.All these are examples of the divisions which exist within the Bolivarian movement itself. Between the revolutionary workers and the poor on the one side and those who hypocritically pledge loyalty to Chávez and the Bolivarian revolution - but who are in fact fifth column of the oligarchy within the movement - on the other. The enemies of the revolution are the oligarchy and imperialism, but also those bureaucrats and corrupt officials who block the revolutionary initiative of the masses, water down policies proposed by Chávez himself and generally want to maintain the revolutionary process firmly within the bounds of capitalism.The ruling class still controls key levers of the economy, which it uses to sabotage the democratic will of the majority, through hoarding, speculation, flight of capital and an investment strike. The state apparatus, which remains basically a capitalist state, remains a block for the completion of the revolution.In July 2011 with the news about Chávez's health, the ruling class launched a campaign about the need for a so-called “transition”. He replied sharply that “here there is only one transition which is posed and which needs to be speed up, the transition from the capitalist mode, which is destroying the planet, and the socialist model, which represents the salvation of humanity”.It is down to the revolutionary working class activists in Venezuela to ensure that this is carried through, with the expropriation of the oligarchy and the destruction of the capitalist state, to be replaced by the democratic planning of the economy and new revolutionary institutions based on the communal councils and the socialist workers' councils. The April 14 elections will be just one step in this struggle.Venezuelan gold heist: British imperialism turns to piracy 8 Aug 2022Venezuela: how did the PSUV lose the local elections in Chávez’s home state? 18 Jan 2022Venezuela: freedom for jailed workers! 2 Sep 2021Venezuela: Peoples’ Revolutionary Alternative launches Founding Congress appeal 20 Apr 2021Alan Woods discusses Engels’ “Part Played by Labour in the Transition from Ape to Man” on Venezuelan “Cadre School” broadcast 4 Mar 2021 Moo TravelsSam and Laura's trip round the worldOn August 8, 2015 by Sam With 0 Comments - LaosI would first like to clarify some bits from Laura’s last post, as she said I didn’t like our trip to the 4000 islands. It’s a bit more complicated than that (although generally right, as she always is.)The islands are genuinely nice. Exceptionally beautiful in a way which I don’t think we were able to capture in a photograph. The cute bars over the river selling gigantic beer for 1 quid and meals for not much more were a lovely way to enjoy the sunset. All good so far.There were two main things that annoyed me; first, the roads were terrible having suffered from the rain. They were barely roads. They were more mud pits. I understand that we’re in the middle of nowhere and it’s wet season, but they’ve been left in such utter disrepair. Somewhere like Chi Phat which was much more remote managed to maintain their roads to a reasonable level. The roads on Don Khone were barely passable even for pedestrians and it kinda ruined any attempts to do anything. Having spoken to some friends who have just been to Vang Vieng (another town in Laos) they had the same problem.The second, which I think now is more of a Laos thing, is just the general treatment of tourists. We’ve just come from Cambodia, where everyone was genuinely thankful for you visiting their country and understood that tourism is hugely important for the country for it’s recovery and growth. Everyone was friendly, service was excellent, and it was just a damn good place to travel around. My experience of Laos so far is the exact opposite of this. People really don’t give a crap about tourists. A quick look on TripAdvisor shows tons of reviews along the lines of “the staff couldn’t have been less interested if they tried”. I’ve seen this over and over and over again.I also feel like we’re being constantly ripped off (or trying to be). Whether it be the tuk tuk driver who asked for more money when we arrived at our Vientiane hotel because it was further than he normally takes people (despite us showing him the destination before we got on), to the 2 sets of bribes at the border that have to be paid so you can then watch one guy do all the work and 4 others standing around doing nothing, or the tuk tuk drivers who stand in groups and won’t give a reasonable price. Everything here seems to be centred around fleecing the traveller for as much cash and as little service as possible.Rant over. It’s not as bad as I’m making it sound in reality; Laos is a very nice country with some great scenery, some very nice food and lots of nice cafes. You can definitely feel the ex-French vibe here more than I think you can in Vietnam or Cambodia.Vientiane has to be one of the worlds smallest capital cities. I can safely say it’s about the same size as somewhere like Darlington, and would be eclipsed by places like York or Leeds. Like most places, there are a lot of temples (although I think we’re fully templed out so haven’t really been going to see them anymore). The major monument is a replica of the Arc de Triumph, built out of concrete donated by the USA for a runway (suspect they were pissed about that). It was fairly underwhelming and very random.Laos is another country that the USA has done it’s best to destroy in the past. Also subject of mass bombings during the cold war, there are millions of unexploded objects still around the country. We visited the COPE centre exhibition which showed the great work that’s being done to help people who have lost limbs through “UXO”s (Unexploded objects.) There are some terrible stories of kids finding and picking them up to sell the scrap metal, or fisherman trying to use them to kill lots of fish, only for them to explode in the hand. There were scary photos of unexploded missiles and bomblets (“bombies”) in pharmacies and shops that people are selling as souvenirs. They’ve just become engrained in the culture. One guy even helped to build his own fake leg using metal from an exploded bomb!Overall there wasn’t a huge amount to do though, so I’m glad we only had 2 nights. Yesterday we completed an epic 13 hour journey through some of the most beautiful mountain roads to get to where we are today: Luang Prabang. More on that next time.Enter your email address and get notified when we post something.Experience of a lifetimeBits and pieces from N’Awlins-LA-San FranSan Fran, look how happy you’ve made himBeautiful, and the view’s not bad eitherCopyright Moo Travels Type of Institution:Private 4 -YearDegrees Available:The College of Adult & Professional Studies (CAPS) is currently offering six majors: Business Management, Christian Ministries, Communication Studies, Human Resource Management, Organizational Leadership, and Nursing. Additionally, the Graduate School at Bethel University offers Masters degrees in Adult Development and Aging, Business Administration, Communication, Counseling Psychology, Education: K-12, Literacy Education, Nursing, Organizational Leadership, Special Education, and Teaching. Bethel University Graduate School also offers the Doctor of Education degree in Educational Administration (the list of degree programs generally contains those that are designed to accommodate working adults and nontraditional students).Forms of Credit:Bethel awards credit for the following: proficiency examinations; formal course work for which credit recommendations have been established by NCCRS and ACE-CCRS; military national experiences recommended for credit by ACE; and individualized prior learning assessment.Up to 30 semester credits may be earned through approved proficiency examinations (e.g., AP, CLEP, DANTES), and up to 30 semester credits may be earned from formal noncollegiate course work, by prior learning assessment, and as transfer credit for competency-based education (CBE).The programs of the College of Adult & Professional Studies (CAPS) and the Graduate School are designed to integrate the personal and working experiences of adults with the theory presented in the curriculum from a distinctively Christian perspective.DANTES classes are typically held one night per week (Monday, Tuesday, Wednesday, or Thursday) or Saturdays on Bethel's suburban St. Paul campus or at off-campus sites.John Gunther, Academic Services Manager3900 Bethel Drivecaps@bethel.edu Home Health South Africa scales back Covid-19 restrictionsSouth Africa scales back Covid-19 restrictionsSouth Africa has scaled back lockdown restrictions amid declining infections and as the government’s vaccine drive gains momentum.In an address to the nation on Sunday evening, President Cyril Ramaphosa said “Due to the decline in infections, the country can now ease some of the restrictions on movement and activity.”“In the 10 days since we launched our coronavirus vaccination programme, more than 67,000 health workers – who are on the frontline of our fight against COVID-19 – have been vaccinated,” he declared.Below are highlights of the president’s address:SA moves to Alert Level 1The curfew will now be from 12 midnight to 4amReligious, social, political and cultural gatherings will be allowed, subject to conditionsThe maximum number of people allowed at any gathering is 100 people indoors or 250 people outdoorsNight vigils or other gatherings before or after funerals are still not permittedNightclubs will remain closedThe sale of alcohol will be permitted, according to normal licence provisions. However, no alcohol may be sold during the hours of curfewThe wearing of masks in public places remains mandatoryThe 33 land border posts that have been closed throughout this period will remain closed, while the other 20 will remain openOnly five airports will be open for international travel with standard infection control measures. These are OR Tambo, Cape Town, King Shaka, Kruger Mpumalanga and Lanseria airports.The threat of a third wave is constantly present, as is the threat of yet more new variantsPresident Ramaphosa has updated the nation on the state of the pandemic at least half a dozen times since his first address on the subject on March 23, 2020.Read the full text of the latest speech below:STATEMENT BY PRESIDENT CYRIL RAMAPHOSA ON PROGRESS IN THE NATIONAL EFFORT TO CONTAIN THE COVID-19 PANDEMICFellow South Africans,This coming Friday will mark exactly one year since the first case of coronavirus was reported in South Africa. Since then, more than one-and-a-half million people in South Africa have been infected and nearly 50,000 people have been reported to have died from the disease.So much has changed in our country and in our lives. But the spirit of our people has not changed.You have endured the greatest hardships, but you have remained resolute, united and hopeful. Now, a year after the virus first reached our shores, we have a clear path towards containing infections and, ultimately, overcoming the disease.Within less than a year the global scientific community has developed, tested and produced several vaccines that are safe and effective against the disease.South Africa’s scientists and research institutions have made an important contribution to these efforts and have contributed to global knowledge about the disease, including on the emergence of new variants.We have long held the view that a vaccine would be our most decisive measure to combat COVID-19, and to that extent set up processes at a continental and national level to prepare for the availability of an effective vaccine. Like many countries, we have now started our vaccination programme.In the 10 days since we launched our coronavirus vaccination programme, more than 67,000 health workers – who are on the frontline of our fight against COVID-19 – have been vaccinated.A new batch of 80,000 doses of the Johnson & Johnson vaccine arrived in the country yesterday, and we are steadily increasing the number of doses administered each day. The start of our vaccination campaign has gone extremely well.It has shown what we can achieve when we work together as government, the scientific community and the private sector. All provinces have established vaccination sites and have put in place plans for the expansion of the programme as it gains momentum.The number of sites that will be available for vaccination will be expanded next week from 17 sites to 49 sites. Of the 49 sites, 32 will be at public hospitals and 17 sites in private hospitals.This includes sites in rural areas to improve access to rural healthcare workers. Once the vaccination of healthcare workers has been completed, we will begin with phase two of the vaccine roll-out in late April or early May.Phase two will include the elderly, essential workers, persons living or working in institutional settings and those with co-morbidities.For this phase, we will be activating many more sites for vaccination in the public and private healthcare sector so that we can reach as many people in the shortest possible time.We have recently signed an agreement with Johnson & Johnson to secure 11 million doses. Of these doses, 2.8 million doses will be delivered in the second quarter and the rest spread throughout the year.We have also secured 20 million doses from Pfizer, which will be delivered from the second quarter. Additionally, we have secured 12 million vaccine doses from the COVAX facility and are in the process of finalising our dose allocation from the African Union.We are in constant contact with various other vaccine manufacturers to ensure that we have the necessary quantities of vaccines when we need them.When I last addressed the nation, at the beginning of this month, the country had passed the peak of the second wave of coronavirus infections.Driven by a new variant of the virus, the second wave was far more devastating and caused greater loss of life than the first wave.The country has now clearly emerged from the second wave. New infections, admissions to hospital and deaths have fallen significantly and continue to decline steadily.In the week that has just passed, the country recorded just under 10,000 new infections.A month ago, in the last week of January, the country recorded over 40,000 new cases.And a month before that, in the last week of December, the country recorded close to 90,000 new cases. This dramatic decline in cases over eight weeks is due to a combination of the public health measures introduced, changes in behaviour and accumulating immunity in those who became infected in our communities.We were able to emerge from the second wave because most people adhered to the tighter restrictions and observed the basic health protocols, including wearing masks in public and social distancing.The measures we had to put in place in December were necessary to contain infections and prevent our health facilities from being overwhelmed.They were necessary to save lives.We had to undertake these measures knowing that they placed restrictions on the daily lives of everyone in this country. They caused great inconvenience to many.And while we made every effort to keep the economy open, we also knew that there were parts of the economy that would be affected and that wouldn’t be able to operate fully.Our approach has always been that such restrictions should not remain in place longer than is absolutely necessary to contain the disease.Due to the decline in infections, the country can now ease some of the restrictions on movement and activity.Once again, we do so cautiously. Even after a sustained period of relatively low transmission, we have seen how the number of new infections can rise rapidly and without warning.Based on an assessment of the current state of the pandemic in the country, Cabinet decided earlier today to move the country from Coronavirus Alert Level 3 to Alert Level 1.The new alert level will come into effect later this evening once the regulations have been gazetted.This will mean that:The hours of the curfew will now be from 12 midnight to 4am.Gatherings will be permitted, subject to limitations on size, adherence to social distancing and other health protocols.These include religious, social, political and cultural gatherings.The maximum number of people allowed at any gathering is 100 people indoors or 250 people outdoors.Where the venue is too small to accommodate these numbers with appropriate social distancing, then no more than 50 per cent of the capacity of the venue may be used.Night vigils or other gatherings before or after funerals are still not permitted.Nightclubs will remain closed.The sale of alcohol will be permitted, according to normal licence provisions. However, no alcohol may be sold during the hours of curfew. The wearing of masks in public places is still mandatory, and failure to wear a mask when required remains a criminal offence.The 33 land border posts that have been closed throughout this period will remain closed, while the other 20 will remain open. Only five airports will be open for international travel with standard infection control measures.These are OR Tambo, Cape Town, King Shaka, Kruger Mpumalanga and Lanseria airports. As we ease restrictions, we cannot let our guard down.The few remaining restrictions under Alert Level 1 are meant to maintain low levels of infections and, in particular, to prevent super-spreading events.The new variant – known as 501Y.v2 – is now the dominant variant in the country.Because the new variant is transmitted more easily, it has the potential to infect more people, place a greater strain on our health system and lead to a greater loss of life.Therefore, social distancing is even more critical. Wearing a mask and avoiding crowds is even more important.And it is now even more important that we all download the COVID Alert SA mobile app onto our cellphones.Nearly two million South Africans are already using the COVID Alert SA mobile app to be notified if they are exposed to the virus.Please go for a test if you have any symptoms of COVID-19.These measures are not merely to protect each of us but to also protect those we love and care for. Following these measures is about protecting yourself, your family and your community. It is about being responsible and caring.We must continue these measures even as more and more people are vaccinated.Vaccines significantly reduce the likelihood of a person developing symptoms and becoming seriously ill, and they reduce the overall rate of infection in a population.We therefore need to see vaccines as one of the measures that we have in our coronavirus toolkit to contain the pandemic. As we have said in the past vaccines are now the most effective measure that we have. Still, we will only be able to ultimately overcome the pandemic if we continue to practice all the other prevention measures as well.We must do all this both so that we defeat the pandemic and so that we can accelerate our economic recovery.We must do this to restore our country to growth and get people back into work.Even as economic activity returns, even as we roll out our employment stimulus and infrastructure investment programmes, even as we undertake economic reforms with greater urgency, many businesses are still struggling.Many people still do not have their jobs back and many households are still feeling the effect of having lost much of their income.As I announced in the State of the Nation Address, we have therefore extended the period for the Special COVID-19 Grant by a further three months, until the end of April. We have also extended the UIF’s special COVID-19 wage support benefit until 15 March 2021 for those sectors of the economy that have not been able to operate over this period.These measures have been shown to be effective at reducing the economic impact of the pandemic on some of the most vulnerable in our society. Our country’s public finances are, however, extremely constrained, and we cannot keep such relief measures in place indefinitely.The return to Alert Level 1 means that most of the remaining restrictions on economic activity have been removed. We expect this to lead to higher consumption spending, bolstered by the steady recovery in employment.We expect businesses to implement the plans they may have put on hold. As we undertake further structural reforms, this will entrench the green shoots we have begun to see in the economy.That is why all our energy and effort must now go into growing the economy – and this includes keeping infections down. For this reason, among others, the easing of restrictions should not be viewed as a reason to abandon precautions.The threat of a third wave is constantly present, as is the threat of yet more new variants.As we witnessed last year, our actions as individuals and as a collective will determine whether and how soon we experience a resurgence of the virus.In the meantime, the virus continues to circulate in our families, our workplaces and our communities.As our vaccination campaign gathers pace, we must continue to exercise extreme caution to protect ourselves and others.Together with our scientists and experts, we will continue to monitor the situation closely and to adapt our approach in a responsive and flexible manner.This pandemic has taken much from us, but it has not taken our strength, our courage or our sense of solidarity as a people.It has not dampened our spirit or weakened our resolve.Our uniquely South African spirit has allowed us to remain steadfast in the face of an unprecedented threat, and which will continue to inspire us as we chart a path to recovery.Let us remain united, hopeful and determined as ever to face down this challenge.May God continue to bless South Africa and protect her people. I thank you.You may also watch the video here: Courtesy News24NP/Tony Ekata/MonitoredRamaphosaPrevious articleKadaria Ahmed and the ‘Fulani Herdsmen’ conundrumNext articleTanzanian President John Magufuli: From Grace to Grave – By Tony EkataNCDC commends Ayade, says Cross River deserves COVID-19–free statusJudge Salas releases statement after son killed, and husband shot in an attackExistence of women is against the will of Allah, says Pakistani Islamic CouncilBehave yourselves or else lockdown will be extended, Buhari’s Minister warns NigeriansFire razes Nigeria immigration service headquarters Video Sermon: Third Sunday in LentAudio Sermon: Fourth Sunday in LentJohn 9 – New Revised Standard Version (NRSV)A Man Born Blind Receives Sight9 As he walked along, he saw a man blind from birth. 2 His disciples asked him, “Rabbi, who sinned, this man or his parents, that he was born blind?” 3 Jesus answered, “Neither this man nor his parents sinned; he was born blind so that God’s works might be revealed in him. 4 We must work the works of him who sent me while it is day; night is coming when no one can work. 5 As long as I am in the world, I am the light of the world.” 6 When he had said this, he spat on the ground and made mud with the saliva and spread the mud on the man’s eyes, 7 saying to him, “Go, wash in the pool of Siloam” (which means Sent). Then he went and washed and came back able to see. 8 The neighbors and those who had seen him before as a beggar began to ask, “Is this not the man who used to sit and beg?” 9 Some were saying, “It is he.” Others were saying, “No, but it is someone like him.” He kept saying, “I am the man.” 10 But they kept asking him, “Then how were your eyes opened?” 11 He answered, “The man called Jesus made mud, spread it on my eyes, and said to me, ‘Go to Siloam and wash.’ Then I went and washed and received my sight.” 12 They said to him, “Where is he?” He said, “I do not know.”The Pharisees Investigate the Healing13 They brought to the Pharisees the man who had formerly been blind. 14 Now it was a sabbath day when Jesus made the mud and opened his eyes. 15 Then the Pharisees also began to ask him how he had received his sight. He said to them, “He put mud on my eyes. Then I washed, and now I see.” 16 Some of the Pharisees said, “This man is not from God, for he does not observe the sabbath.” But others said, “How can a man who is a sinner perform such signs?” And they were divided. 17 So they said again to the blind man, “What do you say about him? It was your eyes he opened.” He said, “He is a prophet.”18 The Jews did not believe that he had been blind and had received his sight until they called the parents of the man who had received his sight 19 and asked them, “Is this your son, who you say was born blind? How then does he now see?” 20 His parents answered, “We know that this is our son, and that he was born blind; 21 but we do not know how it is that now he sees, nor do we know who opened his eyes. Ask him; he is of age. He will speak for himself.” 22 His parents said this because they were afraid of the Jews; for the Jews had already agreed that anyone who confessed Jesus to be the Messiah would be put out of the synagogue. 23 Therefore his parents said, “He is of age; ask him.”24 So for the second time they called the man who had been blind, and they said to him, “Give glory to God! We know that this man is a sinner.” 25 He answered, “I do not know whether he is a sinner. One thing I do know, that though I was blind, now I see.” 26 They said to him, “What did he do to you? How did he open your eyes?” 27 He answered them, “I have told you already, and you would not listen. Why do you want to hear it again? Do you also want to become his disciples?” 28 Then they reviled him, saying, “You are his disciple, but we are disciples of Moses. 29 We know that God has spoken to Moses, but as for this man, we do not know where he comes from.” 30 The man answered, “Here is an astonishing thing! You do not know where he comes from, and yet he opened my eyes. 31 We know that God does not listen to sinners, but he does listen to one who worships him and obeys his will. 32 Never since the world began has it been heard that anyone opened the eyes of a person born blind. 33 If this man were not from God, he could do nothing.” 34 They answered him, “You were born entirely in sins, and are you trying to teach us?” And they drove him out.Spiritual Blindness35 Jesus heard that they had driven him out, and when he found him, he said, “Do you believe in the Son of Man?” 36 He answered, “And who is he, sir? Tell me, so that I may believe in him.” 37 Jesus said to him, “You have seen him, and the one speaking with you is he.” 38 He said, “Lord, I believe.” And he worshiped him. 39 Jesus said, “I came into this world for judgment so that those who do not see may see, and those who do see may become blind.” 40 Some of the Pharisees near him heard this and said to him, “Surely we are not blind, are we?” 41 Jesus said to them, “If you were blind, you would not have sin. But now that you say, ‘We see,’ your sin remains.Permanent link to this article: http://www.oslcissaquah.org/2017/03/26/audio-sermon-fourth-sunday-in-lent-2/ elgg news/world kvgf New Topic Reply to Topicpmty news/world thrihttp://www.servicecenterteam.com/UserProfile/tabid/61/userId/22092698/Default.aspx http://www.servicecenterteam.com/UserProfile/tabid/61/userId/22092704/Default.aspx http://www.servicecenterteam.com/UserProfile/tabid/61/userId/22092840/Default.aspx http://www.servicecenterteam.com/UserProfile/tabid/61/userId/22092848/Default.aspx http://www.servicecenterteam.com/UserProfile/tabid/61/userId/22092854/Default.aspx http://www.servicecenterteam.com/UserProfile/tabid/61/userId/22092860/Default.aspx http://www.servicecenterteam.com/UserProfile/tabid/61/userId/22092864/Default.aspx http://www.servicecenterteam.com/UserProfile/tabid/61/userId/22092869/Default.aspx http://www.servicecenterteam.com/UserProfile/tabid/61/userId/22092874/Default.aspx http://www.servicecenterteam.com/UserProfile/tabid/61/userId/22092879/Default.aspx http://www.servicecenterteam.com/UserProfile/tabid/61/userId/22092883/Default.aspx http://www.servicecenterteam.com/UserProfile/tabid/61/userId/22092886/Default.aspx http://www.servicecenterteam.com/UserProfile/tabid/61/userId/22092894/Default.aspx http://www.servicecenterteam.com/UserProfile/tabid/61/userId/22093060/Default.aspx http://www.servicecenterteam.com/UserProfile/tabid/61/userId/22093064/Default.aspx http://www.servicecenterteam.com/UserProfile/tabid/61/userId/22093071/Default.aspx http://www.servicecenterteam.com/UserProfile/tabid/61/userId/22093085/Default.aspx http://www.servicecenterteam.com/UserProfile/tabid/61/userId/22093092/Default.aspx http://www.servicecenterteam.com/UserProfile/tabid/61/userId/22093099/Default.aspx http://www.servicecenterteam.com/UserProfile/tabid/61/userId/22093105/Default.aspx http://www.servicecenterteam.com/UserProfile/tabid/61/userId/22093114/Default.aspx http://www.servicecenterteam.com/UserProfile/tabid/61/userId/22093115/Default.aspx http://www.servicecenterteam.com/UserProfile/tabid/61/userId/22093169/Default.aspx http://www.servicecenterteam.com/UserProfile/tabid/61/userId/22093190/Default.aspx http://www.servicecenterteam.com/UserProfile/tabid/61/userId/22093225/Default.aspx http://www.servicecenterteam.com/UserProfile/tabid/61/userId/22093238/Default.aspx http://www.servicecenterteam.com/UserProfile/tabid/61/userId/22093241/Default.aspx http://www.servicecenterteam.com/UserProfile/tabid/61/userId/22093246/Default.aspx http://www.servicecenterteam.com/UserProfile/tabid/61/userId/22093249/Default.aspx http://www.servicecenterteam.com/UserProfile/tabid/61/userId/22093258/Default.aspx http://www.servicecenterteam.com/UserProfile/tabid/61/userId/22093264/Default.aspx http://www.servicecenterteam.com/UserProfile/tabid/61/userId/22093275/Default.aspx http://www.servicecenterteam.com/UserProfile/tabid/61/userId/22093278/Default.aspx http://www.servicecenterteam.com/UserProfile/tabid/61/userId/22093285/Default.aspx http://www.servicecenterteam.com/UserProfile/tabid/61/userId/22093411/Default.aspx http://www.servicecenterteam.com/UserProfile/tabid/61/userId/22093419/Default.aspx http://www.servicecenterteam.com/UserProfile/tabid/61/userId/22093424/Default.aspx http://www.servicecenterteam.com/UserProfile/tabid/61/userId/22093432/Default.aspx http://www.servicecenterteam.com/UserProfile/tabid/61/userId/22093446/Default.aspx http://www.servicecenterteam.com/UserProfile/tabid/61/userId/22093451/Default.aspx http://www.servicecenterteam.com/UserProfile/tabid/61/userId/22093456/Default.aspx http://www.servicecenterteam.com/UserProfile/tabid/61/userId/22093600/Default.aspx http://www.servicecenterteam.com/UserProfile/tabid/61/userId/22093607/Default.aspx http://www.servicecenterteam.com/UserProfile/tabid/61/userId/22093610/Default.aspx http://www.servicecenterteam.com/UserProfile/tabid/61/userId/22093613/Default.aspx http://www.servicecenterteam.com/UserProfile/tabid/61/userId/22093620/Default.aspx http://www.servicecenterteam.com/UserProfile/tabid/61/userId/22093628/Default.aspx http://www.servicecenterteam.com/UserProfile/tabid/61/userId/22093632/Default.aspx http://www.servicecenterteam.com/UserProfile/tabid/61/userId/22093637/Default.aspx http://www.servicecenterteam.com/UserProfile/tabid/61/userId/22093640/Default.aspx http://www.servicecenterteam.com/UserProfile/tabid/61/userId/22093646/Default.aspx http://www.servicecenterteam.com/UserProfile/tabid/61/userId/22093732/Default.aspx http://www.servicecenterteam.com/UserProfile/tabid/61/userId/22093736/Default.aspx http://www.servicecenterteam.com/UserProfile/tabid/61/userId/22093748/Default.aspx http://www.servicecenterteam.com/UserProfile/tabid/61/userId/22093755/Default.aspx http://www.servicecenterteam.com/UserProfile/tabid/61/userId/22093759/Default.aspx http://www.servicecenterteam.com/UserProfile/tabid/61/userId/22093766/Default.aspx http://www.servicecenterteam.com/UserProfile/tabid/61/userId/22093774/Default.aspx http://www.servicecenterteam.com/UserProfile/tabid/61/userId/22093781/Default.aspx http://www.servicecenterteam.com/UserProfile/tabid/61/userId/22093789/Default.aspx http://www.servicecenterteam.com/UserProfile/tabid/61/userId/22093794/Default.aspx http://www.servicecenterteam.com/UserProfile/tabid/61/userId/22093805/Default.aspx http://www.servicecenterteam.com/UserProfile/tabid/61/userId/22093811/Default.aspx http://www.servicecenterteam.com/UserProfile/tabid/61/userId/22093896/Default.aspx http://www.servicecenterteam.com/UserProfile/tabid/61/userId/22093901/Default.aspx http://www.servicecenterteam.com/UserProfile/tabid/61/userId/22093920/Default.aspx http://www.servicecenterteam.com/UserProfile/tabid/61/userId/22093928/Default.aspx http://www.servicecenterteam.com/UserProfile/tabid/61/userId/22093935/Default.aspx http://www.servicecenterteam.com/UserProfile/tabid/61/userId/22093943/Default.aspx http://www.servicecenterteam.com/UserProfile/tabid/61/userId/22094044/Default.aspx http://www.servicecenterteam.com/UserProfile/tabid/61/userId/22094053/Default.aspx http://www.servicecenterteam.com/UserProfile/tabid/61/userId/22094060/Default.aspx http://www.servicecenterteam.com/UserProfile/tabid/61/userId/22094063/Default.aspx http://www.servicecenterteam.com/UserProfile/tabid/61/userId/22094073/Default.aspx http://www.servicecenterteam.com/UserProfile/tabid/61/userId/22094079/Default.aspx http://www.servicecenterteam.com/UserProfile/tabid/61/userId/22094090/Default.aspx http://www.servicecenterteam.com/UserProfile/tabid/61/userId/22094198/Default.aspx http://www.servicecenterteam.com/UserProfile/tabid/61/userId/22094202/Default.aspx http://www.servicecenterteam.com/UserProfile/tabid/61/userId/22094208/Default.aspx http://www.servicecenterteam.com/UserProfile/tabid/61/userId/22094211/Default.aspx http://www.servicecenterteam.com/UserProfile/tabid/61/userId/22094219/Default.aspx http://www.servicecenterteam.com/UserProfile/tabid/61/userId/22094231/Default.aspx http://www.servicecenterteam.com/UserProfile/tabid/61/userId/22094239/Default.aspx http://www.servicecenterteam.com/UserProfile/tabid/61/userId/22094250/Default.aspx http://www.servicecenterteam.com/UserProfile/tabid/61/userId/22094257/Default.aspx http://www.servicecenterteam.com/UserProfile/tabid/61/userId/22094261/Default.aspx http://www.servicecenterteam.com/UserProfile/tabid/61/userId/22094266/Default.aspx http://www.servicecenterteam.com/UserProfile/tabid/61/userId/22094278/Default.aspx http://www.servicecenterteam.com/UserProfile/tabid/61/userId/22094286/Default.aspx http://www.servicecenterteam.com/UserProfile/tabid/61/userId/22094289/Default.aspx http://www.servicecenterteam.com/UserProfile/tabid/61/userId/22094296/Default.aspx http://www.servicecenterteam.com/UserProfile/tabid/61/userId/22094303/Default.aspx http://www.servicecenterteam.com/UserProfile/tabid/61/userId/22094439/Default.aspx http://www.servicecenterteam.com/UserProfile/tabid/61/userId/22094446/Default.aspx http://www.servicecenterteam.com/UserProfile/tabid/61/userId/22094452/Default.aspx http://www.servicecenterteam.com/UserProfile/tabid/61/userId/22094456/Default.aspx http://www.servicecenterteam.com/UserProfile/tabid/61/userId/22094463/Default.aspx http://www.servicecenterteam.com/UserProfile/tabid/61/userId/22094464/Default.aspx http://www.servicecenterteam.com/UserProfile/tabid/61/userId/22094467/Default.aspx http://www.servicecenterteam.com/UserProfile/tabid/61/userId/22094469/Default.aspx http://www.servicecenterteam.com/UserProfile/tabid/61/userId/22094482/Default.aspx http://www.servicecenterteam.com/UserProfile/tabid/61/userId/22094485/Default.aspx http://www.servicecenterteam.com/UserProfile/tabid/61/userId/22094591/Default.aspx http://www.servicecenterteam.com/UserProfile/tabid/61/userId/22094597/Default.aspx http://www.servicecenterteam.com/UserProfile/tabid/61/userId/22094609/Default.aspx http://www.servicecenterteam.com/UserProfile/tabid/61/userId/22094627/Default.aspx http://www.servicecenterteam.com/UserProfile/tabid/61/userId/22094792/Default.aspx http://www.servicecenterteam.com/UserProfile/tabid/61/userId/22094819/Default.aspx http://www.servicecenterteam.com/UserProfile/tabid/61/userId/22094860/Default.aspx http://www.servicecenterteam.com/UserProfile/tabid/61/userId/22094866/Default.aspx http://www.servicecenterteam.com/UserProfile/tabid/61/userId/22094930/Default.aspx http://www.servicecenterteam.com/UserProfile/tabid/61/userId/22094935/Default.aspx http://www.servicecenterteam.com/UserProfile/tabid/61/userId/22094938/Default.aspx http://www.servicecenterteam.com/UserProfile/tabid/61/userId/22094942/Default.aspx http://www.servicecenterteam.com/UserProfile/tabid/61/userId/22094950/Default.aspx http://www.servicecenterteam.com/UserProfile/tabid/61/userId/22094956/Default.aspx http://www.servicecenterteam.com/UserProfile/tabid/61/userId/22094961/Default.aspx http://www.servicecenterteam.com/UserProfile/tabid/61/userId/22094968/Default.aspx http://www.servicecenterteam.com/UserProfile/tabid/61/userId/22094972/Default.aspx http://www.servicecenterteam.com/UserProfile/tabid/61/userId/22095073/Default.aspx http://www.servicecenterteam.com/UserProfile/tabid/61/userId/22095077/Default.aspx http://www.servicecenterteam.com/UserProfile/tabid/61/userId/22095083/Default.aspx http://www.servicecenterteam.com/UserProfile/tabid/61/userId/22095086/Default.aspx http://www.servicecenterteam.com/UserProfile/tabid/61/userId/22095093/Default.aspx http://www.servicecenterteam.com/UserProfile/tabid/61/userId/22095097/Default.aspx http://www.servicecenterteam.com/UserProfile/tabid/61/userId/22095107/Default.aspx http://www.servicecenterteam.com/UserProfile/tabid/61/userId/22095113/Default.aspx http://www.servicecenterteam.com/UserProfile/tabid/61/userId/22095119/Default.aspx http://www.servicecenterteam.com/UserProfile/tabid/61/userId/22095122/Default.aspx http://www.servicecenterteam.com/UserProfile/tabid/61/userId/22095134/Default.aspx http://www.servicecenterteam.com/UserProfile/tabid/61/userId/22095137/Default.aspx http://www.servicecenterteam.com/UserProfile/tabid/61/userId/22095143/Default.aspx http://www.servicecenterteam.com/UserProfile/tabid/61/userId/22095147/Default.aspx http://www.servicecenterteam.com/UserProfile/tabid/61/userId/22095266/Default.aspx http://www.servicecenterteam.com/UserProfile/tabid/61/userId/22095268/Default.aspx http://www.servicecenterteam.com/UserProfile/tabid/61/userId/22095270/Default.aspx http://www.servicecenterteam.com/UserProfile/tabid/61/userId/22095274/Default.aspx http://www.servicecenterteam.com/UserProfile/tabid/61/userId/22095278/Default.aspx http://www.servicecenterteam.com/UserProfile/tabid/61/userId/22095280/Default.aspx http://www.servicecenterteam.com/UserProfile/tabid/61/userId/22095376/Default.aspx http://www.servicecenterteam.com/UserProfile/tabid/61/userId/22095383/Default.aspx http://www.servicecenterteam.com/UserProfile/tabid/61/userId/22095394/Default.aspx http://www.servicecenterteam.com/UserProfile/tabid/61/userId/22095401/Default.aspx http://www.servicecenterteam.com/UserProfile/tabid/61/userId/22095406/Default.aspx http://www.servicecenterteam.com/UserProfile/tabid/61/userId/22095414/Default.aspx http://www.servicecenterteam.com/UserProfile/tabid/61/userId/22095502/Default.aspx http://www.servicecenterteam.com/UserProfile/tabid/61/userId/22095507/Default.aspx http://www.servicecenterteam.com/UserProfile/tabid/61/userId/22095510/Default.aspx http://www.servicecenterteam.com/UserProfile/tabid/61/userId/22095629/Default.aspx http://www.servicecenterteam.com/UserProfile/tabid/61/userId/22095632/Default.aspx http://www.servicecenterteam.com/UserProfile/tabid/61/userId/22095635/Default.aspx http://www.servicecenterteam.com/UserProfile/tabid/61/userId/22095638/Default.aspx http://www.servicecenterteam.com/UserProfile/tabid/61/userId/22095644/Default.aspx http://www.servicecenterteam.com/UserProfile/tabid/61/userId/22095649/Default.aspx http://www.servicecenterteam.com/UserProfile/tabid/61/userId/22095654/Default.aspxhttps://rrcmta.com/forum/showthread.php?tid=706169 https://rrcmta.com/forum/showthread.php?tid=706174 http://autobratstvo.ru/post/iayd-news_world-slnf/ http://www.growthegamecentral.com/board/index.php?/topic/3277-selecting-mmocs-to-get-cheaper-madden-mobile-coins/page-42#entry67348 http://centrodeintegracion.cl/foro/viewtopic.php?f=9&t=210747&p=861130#p861130 http://practice.3cnorth.com/?q=node/10&page=1354#comment-68003 http://centrodeintegracion.cl/foro/viewtopic.php?f=9&t=210747&p=861129#p861129 http://cushionz.ru/forum/viewtopic.php?pid=1487533#p1487533 http://cushionz.ru/forum/viewtopic.php?pid=1487538#p1487538 http://www.buecherschiff.com/node/2?page=86326#comment-880901 http://thisglobe.com/index.php?topic=9495656.new#new http://thisglobe.com/index.php?topic=9495658.new#new http://thisglobe.com/index.php?topic=9495662.new#new http://thisglobe.com/index.php?topic=9495660.new#new http://blogs4u.in/forum/index.php?topic=381292.new#new Be yourself; everyone else is already takenHaving you in my life made everything betterAnd they lived happily ever after (Wedding Quotes) Imagine a man so focused on God that the only reason he looked up to see you is because he heard God say, "that's her" (Wedding Quotes) Now I can get fat (Wedding Quotes) I love you more than ever (Wedding Quotes) Happily ever after starts here (Wedding Quotes) Marry me (Wedding Quotes) I want a marriage more beautiful than my wedding (Wedding Quotes) If it were not for the presents, an elopement would be preferable (Wedding Quotes) Therefore what God has joined together, let no man separate (Wedding Quotes) And so, the adventure begins (Wedding Quotes) Better than I was, more than I am, and all this happened, by taking your hand (Wedding Quotes) A man is incomplete until he is married. After that, he is finished (Wedding Quotes) From this day forward, you shall not walk alone. My heart will be your shelter, and my arms will be your home (Wedding Quotes) Always a bridesmaid, never a bride (Wedding Quotes) The moment I met him, I knew I was looking at my future (Wedding Quotes) I'll be giving a talk to the Atheist Advocates of San Francisco on Sunday. It's widely alleged that one can't prove the negative concerning God. Not surprisingly, I maintain you can. The group has put up this notice about the talk: http://atheistadvocatesofsanfrancisco.com/meetings.htmlI'll be using a version of these slides in my talk: Proving the NegativeThe talk will be Sunday, May 8, from 4:30-6:30 in the Audre Lorde Room, Women's Building, 3543 18th (at Valencia) San Francisco. Hope to see you there.And if you haven't seen this, it's time. Tim Minchin is brilliant:Jon Hanson said...That was a really great presentation, it made me really jealous of your students. My favorite part, though, was finding out that your book is coming out (relatively) soon, it looks great and I can't wait to buy it!The Atheist Missionary said...Minchin is brilliant. Thought you'd find this video amusing (warning: profane language) http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mcdtVD8X1-A A rabid Triablogue Calvinist blogger pointed me to it as an example of atheist depravity. Best, TAM.Thinking Clearly About FreedomContemporary Philosophy of Religion and AtheismDead as a Doornail: Problems with Evidence for Li...WrongologyNew Domain Name: provingthenegative.com Home Uncategorized No Justice for Recy Taylor & Other Black Women Savagely Raped by...No Justice for Recy Taylor & Other Black Women Savagely Raped by White MenRippaLast week the PR people for a new show on one of my favorite channels, Discovery ID (Investigative Discovery, sent me an email. They wanted to know if I’d be interested in an early screening of their new show Injustice Files. The show has since premiered, and it airs on Friday nights at 9PM EST. The show centers on unsolved civil rights-era crimes against people of color; a Cold Case Files for Negroes if you will. And, can you imagine how many such cases exist?(Pasadena, CA) – In February 2007, the FBI officially launched a new investigative effort called the Civil Rights-Era Cold Case Initiative, which was tasked with taking a fresh look at racially-motivated homicide investigations that occurred prior to 1970. Since then, over 100 cold cases have been identified for this initiative as the FBI partnered with local and state authorities, the NAACP, the Southern Poverty Law Center and the National Urban League to help investigate these aging unsolved cases and bring justice to the victims’ families. In an effort to bring attention to these important investigations, Investigation Discovery teamed with critically-acclaimed documentary filmmaker Keith Beauchamp, producer of The Untold Story of Emmett Louis Till, and CBS EYE Productions to showcase three cases included in the FBI’s Civil Rights-Era Cold Case Initiative. In commemoration of Black History Month, Investigation Discovery launches THE INJUSTICE FILES… (source)Ironically, my man Field Negro reached out to me over the weekend with info on a civil rights-era case that is still unsolved involving 90-year-old Recy Taylor. Taylor was a victim of a crime that many Black women were victims to then, that is never talked about. Of course this being Black History Month, if we’re gonna talk about the advances and laud accomplishments of many who came before us. In my opinion, it’s only right that we never forget the women permanently scarred like Ms. Taylor; women who were victims of rape:ATLANTA (AP) — Years before Rosa Parks fought for justice from her seat on a Montgomery bus, she fought for Recy Taylor.Parks was an NAACP activist crisscrossing Alabama in 1944 when she came across the case of Taylor, a 24-year-old wife and mother who was brutally gang raped and dumped on the side of a rural road. Taylor survived only to watch two all-white, all-male grand juries decline to indict the six white men who admitted to authorities that they assaulted her.Taylor was one of many black women attacked by white men during an era in which sexual assault was used to informally enforce Jim Crow segregation. Their pain galvanized an anti-rape crusade that ultimately took a back seat to the push to dismantle officially sanctioned separation of the races, and slowly faded from the headlines.Many of these rape victims never got justice and the desire for closure is still there, more than 60 years later — leaving some to wonder what, if anything, can be done to address the wrongs done to them.“I didn’t get nothing, ain’t nothing been done about it,” Taylor, now 90, told The Associated Press in a phone interview from her central Florida home. The AP is revealing Taylor’s identity because she has publicly identified herself as a victim of sexual assault.“I was an honest person and living right,” Taylor said. “They shouldn’t have did that. I never give them no reason to do it.”For 20 years after she was raped, Taylor and her family lived in the same Abbeville, Ala., community as the families of her attackers. She spent many years living in fear, and says local whites continued to treat her badly, even after her assailants left town.Evelyn Lowery, an activist whose husband, the Rev. Joseph Lowery, worked with Martin Luther King Jr., suggested that an apology from the government could be a start to the healing.“I certainly think it would be in order,” Evelyn Lowery said. “For many years, they tried to say that women were the cause of this, that (black) women wanted sexual activity. … It hasn’t been true, but the courts used that to justify not taking action on behalf of the women. It was very demoralizing to all of us.”Taylor is not inclined to pursue a civil case. She believes most, if not all, of her attackers are dead. But she does find the idea of an official apology appealing.“It would mean a whole lot to me,” Taylor said. “The people who done this to me … they can’t do no apologizing. Most of them is gone.”[…] The Justice Department is not looking into civil rights-era sexual assault cases and lacks jurisdiction to do so, said spokeswoman Xochitl Hinojosa. She notes that the Emmett Till Act, which created an office to investigate unsolved civil rights-era crimes, is specifically limited to race-motivated killings only.Parks came to Abbeville in 1944 to investigate Taylor’s case. She went back to Montgomery, recruited other activists and by the spring of 1945 had organized the Alabama Committee for Equal Justice for Mrs. Recy Taylor. Local blacks rallied around Taylor even though they knew convictions of her attackers were unlikely, Corbitt said.“We done all we could to make a little noise,” Corbitt said. “We felt that we was getting back at them some way or another. We thought maybe we’ll be able to expose these people to the community and at least that they’ll be looking upon them as rapists.”Eventually, even Taylor herself gave up. In 1965, she and her family relocated to central Florida.“I felt like if I tried to push it, to try to get them put in jail, I thought maybe it would be bad on me, so I just left town,” Taylor said.Other blacks, typically women, wrote letters to their governors and other lawmakers demanding justice for these victims. They also expanded their advocacy to take aim at segregated public accommodations.By the time Parks made history in 1955, hundreds of black women had begun organizing their resistance to the name-calling and inappropriate sexual advances to which they were subjected daily aboard Montgomery’s city buses. A high school student, Claudette Colvin, had refused to yield a bus seat before Parks did, but did not become a cause celebre partly because she lacked Parks’ pristine image and community standing.Though the public face of the movement became a coalition of black ministers led by King, black women worked behind the scenes organizing and driving carpools, filling church pews and raising funds to keep the 13-month boycott going, McGuire wrote. (full story here)It’s really a shame that the crime of rape against Ms. Recy isn’t viewed as racially motivated, and as a result, cannot be investigated by the FBI. While many Black women raised families as they toiled in the homes of White folks – cooking, cleaning, and raising their children – many of them were raped by white men as the ultimate manifestation of racial dominanc e and superiority. That said, it is unbelievable that crimes such as these in the south, are not viewed today as racially motivated; I doubt they were gang-raping white women back then with a similar frequency. But then again, what do I know.My guess is that many women were killed in the commission of these most heinous crimes; and, much like lynchings, the victims were reduced to being subhuman species worthy of being snuffed off the earth.I’m not sure if an apology can do anything for Ms. Taylor. But as she said, most of, if not all of the men who violated her are probably dead. But if an apology is good enough for her, then so be it. For me, I’d love to see an actual formal investigation by the FBI on the happenstance that at least one of them is still alive. But if we’re going to go the route of issued apologies. How about Ms Taylor get one from the men of the Civil Rights Movement. You know, the men who never saw her pain to be fitting of justice in this land of ours?As for my part, I plan to share this story with the folks at Injustice Files who have urged me to keep in touch. I’m not sure if this would be enough to spark an investigation. But one can hope, can I? Maybe if more people would share this story it can create enough buzz that attention is drawn to these atrocious injustice of racially motivated rape. Like one famous preacher once said, “The time is always right to do the right thing.” Hopefully somebody will do just that.Check out Ms. Recy Taylor in her own words:Recy TaylorPrevious articleChild Abuse?: Putting Your Kid on the Corner with an Embarrassing Sign for a 1.22 GPANext articleDid You Know Clinical Depression Can Make You Racist? Professor Mark Wattier of Murray State Says it Does, & ResignsRiPPa is the creator, publisher, and editor-in-chief of The Intersection of Madness & Reality. As a writer, he uses his sense of humor, sarcasm, and sardonic negro wit to convey his opinion. Being the habitual line-stepper and fire-breathing liberal-progressive, whether others agree with him, isn’t his concern. He loves fried chicken, watermelon, and President Barack Obama. Yes, he's Black; yes, he's proud; and yes, he says it loud. As such, he's often misunderstood.INDEPENDENCE DAY: JUST GIVE ME WATERMELONRippa - July 3, 2008 Licence to kill (1989) Harvey PulfordDate of Passing: 1940Sport: Multisport1898, 1899, 1900 & 1902Captain of Ottawa Football Club - 1st place in National ChampionshipCaptain of Ottawa Hockey Club - Stanley CupOttawa Rowing Club eight - Canadian and North American ChampionsErnest Harvey Pulford won national championships in ice hockey, lacrosse, football, boxing, paddling and rowing. Harvey joined the Ottawa Hockey Club in 1893 and played until 1908 winning the Stanley Cup four times. After retirement from hockey Ernest continued in the game as a referee.Ernest was Captain and also played backfielder for the Ottawa Football Club from 1893 to 1909, winning the national championship in 1898, 1899, 1900, and 1902. He played lacrosse for the Ottawa Lacrosse Club from 1893 to 1900, winning four national titles. In his career as a boxer he won the Eastern Canadian light heavyweight and heavyweight titles between 1896 and 1898.Ernest was an excellent rower as well and member of the 1910 Ottawa Rowing Club eight that defeated every one of its opponents in 1910, garnering them the Canadian and North American Champions. As a member of the Britannia Boating Club, he went on to win Canadian and United States championships and led his crew to the semifinals of the 1911 Henley Royal Regatta. Ernest remained active in sports later in life and in his late 40’s won the Ottawa Squash Championship, retaining the title from 1922 to 1924. The End of BuffyThis past weekend my girlfriend and I had plans to go out and do something fun. I work the night shift at a local NPR station, and for the past few months I've been working six nights a week (Monday through Saturday), as well as going to school part-time in the day. Usually Sunday afternoon is the only time we have together, and unfortunately this is also the only time I have to recover from the previous week. This past Saturday was the first I've had off in a long time, and we planned on spending it...well we had no concrete plans (though my girlfriend was leaning towards karaoke), but we knew we wanted to get out of the apartment. Due to some harrowing events involving my mother which I won't bore you with here (but which you can find on my livejournal page), we missed our chance. We didn't get home until about 8:30 pm, at which point our exhaustion left only enough energy to celebrate our day's good deeds by ordering in, proudly cheating on our low-carb diet, and watching the last two discs of the Buffy The Vampire Slayer Season Seven DVD collection. Remember, as I wrote in a previous post, I jumped on the Buffy bandwagon quite late. I'm not including this post in the "Pleasant Surprises for A Latecomer" series because it wasn't much of a pleasant surprise.Had I not known beforehand that this was the final season, I think I would have figured it out pretty quick. The light-hearted humor that helped define Buffy is all but gone, and seems contrived when it is present, replaced with an overpowering sense of finality. I think Whedon and co. took a big risk here, and in the end I don't think it worked. Take Season Five for example. Most of the season delivers the usual humor and introspection, with the occasional trip to a much darker place (e.g., "The Body"). It isn't until the last three or four episodes that things get persistently dark and perilous, and those last few shows combine to form one single work that's short enough to not exhaust the audience but long enough to give it the emotional weight it needs. Take those three or four episodes and stretch them into an entire season, and you have Season Seven of Buffy The Vampire Slayer.It seemed like a lot the creative team's ideas were exhausted. Rather than come up with some new concepts, they fell back on oldies, like the musical interlude in "Selfless" taken directly from the previous season's "Once More, With Feeling." "Lies My Parents Told Me" seemed like a direct swipe of Season Five's "Fool For Love," not because both featured part of Spike's origin story, but because Buffy's last words to Principal Wood ("The mission is what matters") echoes the quote from the flashback in the beginning of the episode just as the line "You're Beneath Me," worked in "Fool For Love." Even "Storyteller," admittedly one of the few humorous breaks in Season Seven and one of my favorite episodes of the season, was really-in many respects-a repeat of Season Four's "Superstar."It certainly wasn't horrible. It was okay. It was watchable. It simply wasn't the high caliber of most of the other seasons.Unfortunately, as to the questions of who lived and who died, there were no real surprises for me. I happened to stop by a Buffy/Angel message board a while back, and checked out the FAQ. Despite the fact that the FAQ is geared towards newcomers to the shows, the author of the FAQ gives away MAJOR plot points (the deaths of Tara and Anya, the death and subsequent resurrection of Spike, the fact that Dawn is "The Key"). On a related note, I should also express thanks to the folks who put together the packaging for Season Seven, which features a picture of Xander in his eyepatch.I was glad to see Andrew survived, though I already had a vague idea about that from someone who had mentioned that he had appeared in an episode of Angel after Buffy ended.I was surprised, though, at the brutality of Anya's death. As I mentioned above, I knew she was on the hit list, and she's a good choice considering she wasn't around as long the original Scoobies, but around long enough to be more of a favorite than Principal Wood or Andrew. I guess I expected some kind of emotional last words or something equally cheesy and predictable. Bravo to Whedon for not giving me what I predicted, I guess having her left behind in a pile of rubble and bodies seemed a little too brutal.And maybe it's a minor quibble, maybe not, but what the hell was the point of leaving the non-super guys in the school so the vampires wouldn't "escape?" Escape? Where? Into the bright California SUNLIGHT? I don't know, maybe I missed something.Posted by Mick Martin at 10:50 PMLabels: Buffy the Vampire Slayer, TelevisionThe Advantage of Being A Reformed CompletistRegarding what is apparently the ONLY reason anyon... Olympic ComplexityPosted by gregfisher on Aug 9th, 2012 in Blog, Social | 1 commentBy Chris DaviesThe spectacular spectacular with which Danny Boyle opened the Olympics had many things to recommend it. But alongside the dazzle, wit and downright eccentricity of the whole thing, there were two aspects of the opening ceremony that led me to reflect on the complexity of social systems.The first was Boyle’s history lesson. By selecting the Industrial and Information Revolutions as punctuation for his story, Boyle picked not only two great moments of British creativity (the former more than the latter, of course), but also two key periods in the complexity of human society.By enabling previously inaccessible stores of chemical energy to be harnessed, the Industrial Revolution made possible an explosion in the diversity of production, which in turn made human society dramatically more complex. Broadly speaking, what happened was: cheaper energy led to cheaper production, which facilitated greater diversity, which involved greater complexity; and this catalysed a substantial increase in living standards.The digital transformation currently sweeping the world, stimulated in part by Tim Berners-Lee’s creation of the World Wide Web, will be similarly far-reaching in its effects; indeed it is already creating major policy challenges, as I described in a previous blog. By reducing to almost nothing a whole swathe of transaction costs, the Information Revolution seems to be giving way to a second great wave of “complexification”. It will do this by allowing us to combine ever greater numbers of components in complex social systems, probably giving way to increased specialisation, and unleashing greater levels of net wealth. As I argued in my previous blog, this is likely to be net beneficial but we should be mindful of the pain involved.The second aspect of the opening ceremony that spoke to complexity was a subtler one. This was the message that achievement is a collective, systemic phenomenon, not simply the result of one person’s endeavours. This may seem paradoxical in the context of something like sport, which is surely the very acme of individualism: what on earth does Usain Bolt’s ability to run the 100 metres in 9.58 seconds have to do with the broader social system?The answer lies in some of Boyle’s more eye-catching artistic decisions. The seething, semi-chaotic mass of people who represented industry in the opening 15 minutes; the promotion of the message “This is for everyone” when highlighting the digital era; the reference to a collective system of social support, manifest in the NHS; the use, not of a lone heroic sports star to light the Olympic cauldron, but of seven children. All these moments suggested that collective effort is the thing that will make possible the individual feats of sporting prowess that will be on display during the Olympics.This is because sport, like so much of the rest of modern life, is about specialisation. Specialisation is possible only thanks to a sustaining network, which is complex and sophisticated. In that regard, professional sportspeople are no different to scientists, artists, doctors, engineers, or any of the other millions of people whose livelihoods depend on being part of a system that is capable of marshalling resources to enable us as a society to specialise. Some may be more talented than others, but as individuals we are only able to exploit our talents if society as a whole works together to allow us to focus on their development.In that context, it’s no surprise that professional sport developed comparatively recently*. It is only possible to devote the endless hours of practice now necessary to reach Olympic greatness if there is an abundant surplus in the economy, and mechanisms to channel it to you as a specialist. And that surplus is created by all of us.In that regard, Boyle’s message is a powerful one. For the first time that I can recall, we had an Olympic opening ceremony that said: “Well done for getting here. You are outstanding. But you are able to be outstanding in large part because of those around you.” By shining a light on the collective underpinnings of sport, the ceremony couldn’t have been a better symbol for the power of complexity.*There were, of course, professional sportspeople in the classical era. They appeared during a time of unprecedented wealth in the Mediterranean, and disappeared once the economy needed to sustain them broke down. As such, their story is consistent with the argument.One Response to “Olympic Complexity”In your comment on the collective enabling greater specialization you’ve articulated a seminal point of value from that entrancing event. Market Chatter- Corporate finance press digest, (NASDAQ: GOOG), (NASDAQ: GOOGL), (NYSE: ORAN), (NYSE: TWTR)The following corporate finance-related stories were reported by media: * French telecoms group Orange has explored purchasing some assets in Africa including ones owned by India's top mobile phone carrier Bharti Airtel, as the company seeks to strengthen its business in Africa, Bloomberg reported, citing people familiar with the matter.* Microblogging site Twitter Inc has reached a deal with Google Inc to make its tweets more searchable online, Bloomberg reported, citing people with knowledge of the matter.Google Inc. (Google) is a global technology company. Shares of GOOG fell by 1.22% or $-6.48/share to $522.76. In the past year, the shares have traded as low as $487.56 and as high as $604.83. On average, 2067170 shares of GOOG exchange hands on a given day and today's volume is recorded at 1659125.Google Inc. (Google) is a global technology company. Shares of GOOGL fell by 1.35% or $-7.2/share to $526.10. In the past year, the shares have traded as low as $490.91 and as high as $615.06. On average, 2289080 shares of GOOGL exchange hands on a given day and today's volume is recorded at 1694832.Orange SA, formerly France Telecom SA, is a France-based company that is engaged, principally, in the provision of integrated telecommunications services. Shares of ORAN fell by 1.58% or $-0.29/share to $18.06. In the past year, the shares have traded as low as $12.10 and as high as $18.80. On average, 846992 shares of ORAN exchange hands on a given day and today's volume is recorded at 991630.Twitter, Inc. (Twitter) is a global platform for public self-expression and conversation in real time. Shares of TWTR traded higher by 2.34% or $0.93/share to $40.72. In the past year, the shares have traded as low as $29.51 and as high as $58.98. On average, 19486600 shares of TWTR exchange hands on a given day and today's volume is recorded at 23116780.Posted by Eric Savoie at 11:51 PM Jackie Evancho at NYCB Theatre at WestburyJackie Evancho TicketsAt the tender age of 13 Jackie Evancho is already a platinum and Gold selling Classical crossover artist. With 5 Studio albums under her belt she is an up and coming singer set for international stardom. For an opportunity to see this talented young singer at the NYCB Theatre at Westbury on Wednesday 23rd April, grab your tickets now!Jackie Evancho first appeared on TV on the hit show "Americas got Talent" and wowed audiences and judges with her stunning, powerful voice. She released her debut album O Holy Night, was released in November 2010 and became the year's number 1 best-selling debut recording with sales exceeding 1 million copies and earning her a platinum certification.Her U.S. shows are also sell-outs and have been taped for broadcast on PBS for the Great Performances series. Jackie’s first PBS special was one of the top pledge producing performances in PBS’ history. When PBS aired Dream With Me In Concert during the latter half of 2011, it instantly became one of their most broadcast programs of the year and was used extensively during pledge drives. I had been suffering from Chronic Pain for 5 years when I first heard about the trial Lyme vaccine. The pain was the result of a particularly nasty case of shingles that developed after a 3 month course of steroids I was given to treat a mysterious case of hives that began in September of '89 and lasted well into '91. After developing another suspicious rash on my back in the summer of '94, I became very nervous about contracting Lyme Disease because to make a long story short, life was already close to being intolerable, and I didn't ever want to see it get any worse. Westchester Medical Center was advertising the experimental vaccination in conjunction with Connaught Labs. It was touted as being "totally safe", so I decided to volunteered for it.I told them about the rash, which had eventually been diagnosed as either "ringworm" or "psoriasis" by my physician, and I told them about the shingles which even I knew indicated that I had (or once had) a compromised immune system, but they said that wouldn't be a reason to eliminate me from the Lyme study, and injected me with the first booster in October of '94. The thing that bothered me from the start was that they were very concerned with the possibility that their female subjects might be pregnant, and inisted on testing me for that possibility even after I stated it was not possible, but did not do any pre-screening for Lyme Disease. I was tested for Lyme about 4 minutes before I received the vaccine. I questioned that because in order to be eligible for the vaccination you had to be "Lyme free" and I was not convinced the rash was actually ringworm OR psoriasis. I even showed them the remnants of the much-faded rash on my back. However, they did not feel this would pose a problem and they included me in their head count of 250 subjects for this particular phase of the study.&nbsp; I signed an "informed consent", which stated that they were not sure what the results of the vaccine might be but I should expect nothing more significant than redness and/or swelling at the vaccine site.&nbsp; The consent also stated that this was not a blind study, and a placebo would NOT be used.&nbsp; Instead, they were testing 4 different lots of the vaccine, one including a preservative. The consent also stated that if anything was to happen that was connected with the vaccine, including a car accident, they would be responsible for all resulting medical bills, and there was a number to call.I had a second booster in Dec. and started running a very high fever, of 103 + about 3 days later. The thing I remember most about this illness was that I had a really wicked sore throat, and severe joint pain. I was very ill for about 10 days. As per our agreement I called WMC. They called it the flu. I never really recovered from that illness but the symptoms were vague; I knew i didn't feel right but I couldn't place my finger on what was really bothering me. I knew I was very distracted and also very depressed and by that May, I was ready to go out on Disability because of an inability to concentrate. Disability was something I would not even contemplate before that time, for ANY reason. Now, all I could think of was not having to go to work anymore.&nbsp; Aside from the mental fog, I was experiencing terrible burning pains running up and down the outer right side of my body, like one nerve root was setting off another nerve root, and the pain was running from my neck to my foot.&nbsp; I remember going to the doctor and getting so hysterical as I begged him to do something to help the pain, that I was ashamed of my behavior and I apologized profusely. I had never lost it quite like that before and it scared me how out of control I was. He put me on a 16 day course of very high levels of steroids and finally the pain started to subside.By the summer, I became aware of the fact that I wasn't sleeping at all and every joint in my body constantly ached. We even bought a new mattress and bedspring in an attempt to get me some sleep, but that didn't help. I was still very distracted and depressed and I did go ahead with my application for Disability, claiming the chronic shingles as the reason. My doctor documented that the year I first contracted it, there was a Chicken Pox epidemic in the High School where I taught, and this was the basis for my claim. We decided to go away and see if a vacation would change things. We went to AZ and as I stepped off the plane, my right knee started hurting so severely I could barely walk. I thought I must have caught a cramp from sitting for so many hours, but as the vacation went by the pain grew worse instead of beginning to subside.&nbsp; By the time we left to return back to NY, I could barely walk. When we returned, I went to my internist, who took an X-Ray and claimed I had developed arthritis. I remember thinking it was mighty weird that I would all of a sudden develop arthritis, especially in AZ, of all places.&nbsp; It continued to worsen, so I went to my orthopedist, who said it was filled with fluid so he tapped it. While I was waiting for the fluid to be analysedI had an MRI. It showed severe arthritis and deterioration due to inflammation.&nbsp; He also said he found evidence of Lyme in the fluid. He scheduled me for surgery and had me go back to my internist for a Lyme titer. At this time I mentioned the vaccine to my internist in terms of how it must not have taken. Unknown to me, the internist must have contacted WMC, because the people who were running the study called me the next day and asked me to come in. When I got there, they&nbsp; wanted to know why I hadn't called themto tell&nbsp; them I was having problems... I ignorantly asked them what my problems had to do with the vaccine, and why on earth would it ever occurr to me to call them...I was given an appointment with John Nowakowsky, doctor of infectious diseases, three days later. I asked him what the relevance was between the vaccine and the symptoms I was experiencing, and he started giving me this story about the way 3% of the population who has a vaccine gets the disease. Then he told me not to worry, however, because "they" would take care of me for the rest of my life. I asked him if he was trying to tell me I had contracted Lyme, but he never answered, just reiterated that "they" would take care of me. He then took a series of blood tests, and I left.My orthopedist consented that the fluid removed during surgery would be sent via messenger to WMC, as per their request. I had the surgery. &nbsp; The damage to my knee was so extensive, I required a total synovectomy. I also had a tissue study-indicating inflammatory disease consistent with Lyme. The nurse at WMC called me and told me the blood they tested came back negative for Lyme, and wasn't I happy to hear that I asked her what the synovial fluid showed, and she said she had no idea what I was talking about, that she never received any synovial fluid. I told the the ortho what I had been told about the fluid never getting to WMC and he said she was "a damned liar" and I should get a lawyer...he also said I had better get someone to put me on antibiotics before I was in even worse trouble. I called the nurse back, agitated about the conflicting stories and so she gave me an appointment with the doctor in charge of the study, Gary Wormser. He said he didn't want to be my doctor, he wanted to be my "friend". He admitted to receiving and testing the synovial fluid but he said those results were "spurious", that synovial fluid was not an accurate substance to test for the presence of Lyme. He also said that he was surprised that I didn't test "false positive" for at least the vaccine, so chances were, my body hadn't absorbed it at all. I recounted what Dr. Nowakowsky had told me but he shrugged that bit of information off. He then said he suspected I had Diabetes and Fibromyalgia but as a courtesy, since I had "helped" them with their study, and because he "cared" about me, he would arrange for me to see a rhumatologist. I told him I wasn't interested in seeing a rhumatologist, so he asked me what I wanted-and I told him I wanted him to treat me for Lyme anyway, with ANTIBIOTICS. He said while he had no OBJECTION to me taking antibiotics, HE wuld not give them to me.&nbsp; He told me he would speak to my internist and tell HIM what kind of antibiotics to prescribe for me. He asked me what my doctor's name was, and when I told him, his response was "He's my protogee, I taught that boy everything he knows!" He told me I could expect to hear from my doctor later that week...After two weeks had gone by, I began to realize I was not going to get treated by anyone remotely connected to the vaccine study, so I started looking for someone who WOULD treat me. I wound up at Northshore under the care of Drs. Kaplan and Halperin...Dr. Kaplan tested me and did a spinal and then referred me to Dr. Halperin, who said I had "an acute" infection and if I had Lyme for as long as I thought I did, it wouldn't be acute. I asked him what HE thought I had, and he replied he was sure I was suffering from Hep C and sleep apnea...before he ever took any bloods. I realized he was not going to help me either. In desperation, I asked my psychiatrist to prescribe antibiotics for me. He called Dr. Halperin to ask him if he thought this was a wise move, and after speaking to him, he looked at me really strangely. I asked him what was wrong, and he told me that Dr. Halperin told him that he had spoken with Dr. Wormser, and I never even really had a vaccination. He told me that at this point I was going to have to prove I really had a vaccine in the first place, and that I was not being paranoid. I faxed him a copy of the protocol I signed stated there was no placebo being used in the particular test group I was in. He then admitted that he believed I had been harmed and I should hire a lawyer. Finally I told my shrink if he wouldn't give me abx I would kill myself .He called Dr. Kaplan, who admitted I had had a recombatint version of a vaccine and if I came back to see him, he would prescribe antibiotics for me. When I went back, Dr. Kaplan told me I had a "genetic" version of Lyme from the vaccination and antibiotics wouldn't help but if it would keep me from "killing" myself he would prescribe amoxycillin-but if I had any problems I should just stop taking it because it wasn't going to do anything anyway...I got a bad yeast infection and a bladder problem and was told I would have to learn how to catheterize myself 3 times a day and I just freaked. It was already June of the following year and I could no longer walk, think, read...I underwent neuropsychological testing and that indicated that my verbal IQ was in the 95th %tile...but the performance IQ was in the 58th %tile (basically indicating retardation) and that this was evident of either schizophrenia or a severe inflammation of the brain. I eventually had to have a synovestomy of the left knee as well, and the orthopedist wants to fuse both ankles so that I would not be able to move the ankle joints, because the inflammation has literally destroyed them as well, and they are excruciatingly painful. I would not consent to this and I am now forced to use a motorized scooter.&nbsp; Aside from the joint disintegration, I developed narcolepsy, irritable bladder syndrome, hypothyroidism, requiring medication, gynecological problems requiring a D&C and a historoscopy and now the use of hormones, (endometrial hyperplasia)severe depression, anxiety, palpatations, mood swings like you would not believe, and now the Lyme has gotten into my hands and fingers. I wouldn't smell a skunk if it sprayed my legs, and I can't even wear my wedding band because the pressure of the gold against my finger feels like it is burning me.I cry when my husband touches me because that feels like I am being burned as well...when he forgets and strokes my arm, or pats my leg, I have to turn away so he won't see the agony written all over my face. I have radiculitis in both legs and lie awake at night because the pain is so severe. Some nights it is hard to breathe, and I lay there, gasping for air and worrying that IF I fall asleep, I might not wake up...and sometimes I take comfort in that thought...In August of '96 I finally found a doctor who was willing to treat me because he had also had the vaccine, and after doing so, suffered a stroke of the optic nerve and went blind in one eye; When he saw my records he told me NO ONE had EVER tested me for chronic Lyme, only acute...he said he suspected I already had Lyme going into the vaccine study...that it was probably the cause of the hives back in '89 and then it went dormant after the shingles episode, until it was reawakened by the vaccination. He sent my blood to IgENIX Labs in Palo Alto CA, where it tested positive for active Lyme, and for the vaccine; He and his wife, both respected Lyme specialists, have been teating me ever since...but there are no improvements as yet. The vacciantion I allowed myself to be injected with, was not the harmless one Westchester Medical Center advertised, but a VERY harmful one that they gave me anyway in a selfish attempt to win the their race against Smith-Kline, for being the first Lab to obtain the patent for the Lyme vaccine..I now have a central line inserted in my chest for IV infusions of Zinacef twice daily; I am also on oral Zithromax and Cipro, bi-weekly weekly injections of Vicillin, Inderal, Tegretol, several different vitamins and herbs including daily B-12 injections, Remeron, Zoloft, Duragesic patches and Ultram, trying desperately to keep functioning but finding it harder and harder and I live in abject terror that one morning I am going to wake up and just not be able to make it out of bed. I no longer am allowed to drive because of the narcolepsy...I spend a good deal of time at work still shuffling papers from one side of my desk to another, and it is REALLY HARD to accept that I did this to myself because I actually believed that I was volunteering for a "harmless" vaccination. The physical and emotional changes I have undergone over the past 2 years have caused me to become totally alienated from my family and friends, and instead of being a vital, independent, woman, I am now a clingy, needy person who has absolutely NO confidence in myself. I have basically lost all my pre-Lyme friends. They are convinced I went over the edge. For a while there, while running from doctor to doctor trying to get one of them to treat me, I was convinced that maybe, indeed, they were right, and I WAS crazy. But now I am convinced that I was the victim of medical arrogance and greed.http://home.sprynet.com/~gyrene/allison.htm HomePlacing an orderA factory inspection by Winclaire employees before signing a contract ensures that we are dealing with a serious partner with the ability to produce the right product. Indeed, the root cause of many problems with the quality of Chinese goods is that often Chinese manufacturers agree to supply a foreign customer with a product that they are not able to produce themselves, in the hope that they will be able to buy it elsewhere. Often in such a scenario, the Chinese factory not only does not comply with the requirements for the product, but even itself has no idea about the level of quality of the goods that it supplies.A mandatory step before signing contracts is to check the documents and seals of the manufacturer. Thus, we protect ourselves not only from unscrupulous entrepreneurs: sometimes such a check shows that a Chinese enterprise, sincerely intending to cooperate, is not able to provide a package of documents necessary for the export of a certain type of goods due to its status.At the end of production, prior to shipment, Winclaire employees will receive the goods in accordance with the instructions received from the customer. The importance of acceptance cannot be overestimated. A defect found upon acceptance can be exchanged or demanded from the plant to urgently eliminate it, and if this is not possible, consider compensation. In the case when a marriage is discovered abroad, it is much more difficult to change something. It is interesting that the products rejected by us at some factories were not sent for scrap, but were loaded to those customers who did not come to receive their goods. buzzfeed announces no negative book reviews: what that means (and doesn't mean) and why it's goodIn a New York Times op-ed, I've learned that BuzzFeed has announced the hiring of its first book editor, and will start publishing book reviews. But it will not run negative book reviews. Isaac Fitzgerald (formerly of The Rumpus and McSweeney's) said:BuzzFeed will do book reviews, Fitzgerald said, but he hasn’t figured out yet what form they’ll take. It won’t do negative reviews: “Why waste breath talking smack about something?” he said. “You see it in so many old media-type places, the scathing takedown rip.” Fitzgerald said people in the online books community “understand that about books, that it is something that people have worked incredibly hard on, and they respect that. The overwhelming online books community is a positive place.”He will follow what he calls the “Bambi Rule” (though he acknowledges the quote in fact comes from Thumper): “If you can’t say something nice, don’t say nothing at all.”This is welcome news for serious readers.It doesn't mean, as Wired thinks (or pretends to think), that Fitzgerald "will only accept warm and cuddly" reviews. It doesn't mean books won't be reviewed critically. Critical does not equal negative. There are valid criticisms of any book, and we should know what they are.What it does mean, or at least what I hope it's intended to mean: no more book reviews that are really just excuses. An excuse for the reviewer to savage a writer she dislikes. An excuse to climb on a political soapbox. An excuse to name-drop. An excuse to show us the very clever insults the reviewer came up with.In other words, no more reviews that are really about the reviewer, instead of the book.Perhaps many readers don't realize this, but out of the vast numbers of books that are published, only a very tiny percentage get reviewed. Why waste space telling us what not to read? Why not use our limited reading time and attention spans to bring worthwhile books to our attention?The New York Times Book Review has a longstanding tradition of assigning political books to reviewers from the opposite end of the political spectrum. Perhaps they imagine this is more impartial (unlikely; they're not stupid), or perhaps they are trying to stir controversy. Either way, it's a waste of a book review spot. If I want hollow, knee-jerk arguments, I can turn on CNN.*I don't read book reviews to learn about the reviewer's politics or their facility with language. I read book reviews to answer one question: is this a book I might like to read? (Or, if I'm thinking as a librarian, is this a book I'd like to see in my library?)What's the book about? What is the writer's style like? Is it accessible or dense, breezy and light, or heavy going? Is the book rich in characterization, full of wild plot twists? Is it suspenseful? Does it follow in a literary tradition, and if so, how well does it pull off that tradition? If it's nonfiction, is it well researched and argued? Thought-provoking, eye-opening? What are some of the author's main arguments? Does it do what the author set out to do? And so on.When I first started blogging, I decided I would only write about books I enjoyed. Just because I don't like a book, doesn't mean it doesn't have merit. I know something about what it takes to write a book - the time, the effort, the commitment, the risk, the inevitable disappointment, and in many cases, the personal sacrifice. Why should I denigrate another writer's craft?I'd rather help readers find books they might like. That seems like a much better use of my time, and yours. So I was glad to see that someone agree. Well done, BuzzFeed!*Actually, I can't, but you know what I mean.Posted by laura k at 11/30/2013 10:00:00 AM 0 commentsupdate on kimberly rivera and how you can helpThree days ago, Iraq War resister Kimberly Rivera gave birth to a son, Matthew Kaden, in a military hospital in San Diego. As soon as her hospital stay ends (which may have already happened), Kim will be taken back to prison. Her newborn baby will stay with his father and his siblings... but his mother will be forced to finish her prison term. Her release is scheduled for mid-December.The US Army has rejected all appeals for clemency, and is insisting Kim serve the final weeks of her sentence, even though it means separating a mother and a newborn infant.On Sunday, December 1, people of peace and conscience around the world will be holding actions in solidarity with Kimberly and her family.See Free Kimberly Rivera on Facebook for updates on vigils and actions.In Toronto, a vigil will be held at 12:00 noon at the US Consulate, 360 University Avenue. Please note this is the correct time. Actions in most other locations are taking place at 3:00 p.m.If, like me, you cannot attend a vigil, you can still help.- Write Brigadier General Michael A. Bills and urge him to grant clemency to PFC Rivera. Kim's lawyer has filed the official clemency request, but says that letters can still be written in support.Brigadier General Michael A. Billsc/o Fort Carson Public Affairs Office1626 Ellis StreetSuite 200, Building 1118Fort Carson, CO 80913 USA(Fax: 1-719-526-1021)Sign a petition on Kim's behalf.Donations to assist the Rivera family can be made here.You can send words of encouragement to Kim at:Kimberly RiveraI hope with all my heart she will soon have a new address.Posted by laura k at 11/29/2013 04:00:00 PM 0 commentsLabels: how the us supports its troops, human rights, war and peace, war resisterscanadian woman refused entry to u.s. based on confidential health recordsAccording to this news story, a Canadian woman named Ellen Richardson was refused entry into the United States because of a prior medical condition. That is, when the US border guards swiped her passport, information taken from her health records came up.Now, the US can refuse entry to any non-citizen for any reason or no reason. The more important question is why was a Canadian's confidential medical information in the Department of Homeland Security database?? How did it get there? How many of our health records are in the DHS database? You don't need to wear a tinfoil hat to ask these questions, and imagine the troubling scenarios they raise.When Richardson and the Toronto Star asked for an explanation, they were told:U.S. Customs and Border Protection media spokeswoman Jenny Burke said that due to privacy laws, "the department is prohibited from discussing specific cases."How's that for irony? Richardson contacted her Member of Parliament.MP Mike Sullivan said what has happened to his constituent is “enormously troubling. . . . How did U.S. agents get her personal medical information?"He said he will be getting in touch with federal privacy commissioner Jennifer Stoddart “and demanding to know how this happened. We’re very concerned if Canadians’ personal medical information is being communicated to U.S. authorities."Richardson has also spoken to her lawyer, David McGhee, about what she believes to be a “breach of privacy" as well as an act of discrimination against people with mental health issues.McGhee has sent a letter to Ontario Health Minister Deb Matthews asking how this breach could have occurred.“The incident in 2012 was hospitalization for depression. Police were not involved,’’ McGhee said. “I’ve asked Deb Matthews to tell me if she’s aware of any provincial or federal authority to allow U.S. authorities to have access to our medical records. Medical records are supposed to be strictly confidential."U.S. authorities “do not have access to medical or other health records for Ontarians travelling to the U.S.," said health ministry spokeswoman Joanne Woodward Fraser, adding the ministry could not provide any additional information.This is not the first time a story like this has surfaced. But each time it does, it is presented without context or explanation... and then we all move on. These questions are ripe for some investigative journalism, from someone who can afford to do such things. The Toronto Star, for example, might be interested.Labels: civil liberties, mental health, us-canada border issueswmtc movie and series season is open, please post your suggestions hereWhat with the Red Sox winning the World Series (!!!) and Allan's book being completed (available for pre-order on Amazon!!!), I forgot to announce the official opening of Movie Season.Since changing to streaming-only, and since I'm out one or two nights a week, we really don't binge on movies anymore - no more three movies a week for months on end - but we still need a go-to list.Movies: well-made documentaries, quirky indies, suspenseful noir, crime thrillers or capers, mind-benders, smart comedies - post them here.Series: We are psyched for the long-awaited Sherlock S3! We're going back to The Wire; we've seen Season 1, and a bit of S2, now we'll restart S2. We're in the middle of Downton Abbey S4 but I've lost interest, as any pretence to historical drama has been tossed, and now it's just a soap opera with cooler clothes. We liked the first two or three seasons of The Big C and Weeds, but gave up both when they stopped being great. House of Cards seems like a possibility. No Game of Thrones, please. We might watch Breaking Bad one day in the future, when no one talks about it anymore.For me: Know any really good detective series? I need more, preferably with lots and lots of episodes. Absolutely loved Prime Suspect and Wallander, thanks to wmtc readers. Still enjoying Luther. Love love love Inspector Lewis and will probably watch the entire series again. Watched MI5 for about five minutes; cannot stand anti-terrorism shows. The Inspector Lynley Mysteries seems to have potential, but I have no source for the whole series yet.My Star Trek adventure has come to a close. Watching the entire original series in order was so much fun! And I hugely enjoyed TNG, was sad when I came to the end. But after six or seven episodes of Voyager, I still didn't like it, and I couldn't make it through the pilot of Deep Space Nine. Oh well, it was really fun while it lasted! I could use another series like that, something engrossing but that I don't take too seriously. My favourite is still Xena TWP. Many people have recommended Firefly... or is Serenity? What's the deal?And finally, my comedy-before-sleep routine has really benefited from streaming. I finished both The Office (US) and Malcolm in the Middle, which just might be the best kids' sitcom ever. (I plan to write more about that soon.) I'm still watching Futurama, but when I reach the end of that... Community? I've seen a few eps and it has potential. I'd prefer to switch off between two shows. Got any?what i'm watching: thoughts on "the central park five": new york city, the central park jogger, and meWe've just seen "The Central Park Five," the Ken Burns film about five young men of colour who were wrongfully arrested, indicted, and convicted of rape and attempted murder, and who served seven, and in one case, thirteen years, in prison for a crime they didn't commit.There was virtually no evidence linking the five teenagers to the crime, and enormous amounts of evidence showing they could not possibly have committed it. They were convicted on the strength of illegally obtained, coerced, false confessions.In one sense, this story is one of the oldest in the United States. As former Mayor David Dinkins says in the film, it's Emmett Till. In another sense, that this happened in the late-20th-Century New York City still has the power to shock.Indelible memoriesI feel connected to the events depicted in this film through the timeline of my own life. Even before watching it, I could recall every detail. The "other rape" that occurred the same night, of the black girl who was thrown off the roof in Brooklyn. The real Central Park rapist raping someone else, stabbing her in the eye, as five innocent young teenagers were interrogated and bullied and coerced - without an adult present, without being read their rights - into confessions.I remembered Linda Fairstein and Elizabeth Lederer, how I used to admire them. In the movie, one of the young men describes how he thought of his father as a superhero. That's how I thought of Linda Fairstein, a woman who prosecuted rapists and murderers, and wrote crime novels to boot. I won't say that Fairstein never did good for the world, but for me, her complicity in this nightmare taints everything she has ever done or ever will do. She helped rob these boys of their lives, and allowed a serial rapist to continue to prey.I remembered, years later, when I met Trisha Meili, her halting speech, her occasional blank stares into space. I remembered Meili describing how she learned how to talk again, how to add simple numbers, how she struggled to remember her old life. In the early 2000s, she described her brain damage as permanent.I remembered reading details of the assault that were only made public after the original convictions were overturned: how Meili was tied up with a rope with complicated knots, how the drag marks at the crime scene were only 18 inches wide. Clearly not the marks of five or more teenagers on a crime spree.Points of intersectionIn 1989, when "the Central Park Jogger" was raped, I had just begun to come out of the closet as a rape survivor. I was volunteering with an anti-rape group in Brooklyn called BWARE, my first foray into the anti-violence world. When CNN and other media came around, looking for survivors and activists to talk to, organizers sent them to me. (My segment was bumped because of the Tiananmen Square massacre! We didn't have cable TV and I never got to see it.)The anti-violence-against-women community was rocked by the case, not so much by the rape itself as by the reaction and the aftermath. Brooklyn alone was logging three or four reported sexual assaults per day - and it's thought that anywhere from one in five to one in ten rapes are reported - but the media treated this as a rare anomaly. We were horrified at the racism permeating all discussion of the attack. We were heartbroken for the survivor, but we were heartbroken for every survivor, not only the young white professional who was supposedly assaulted by dark-skinned "monsters," as the young suspects were frequently called.More than a decade would pass before I met Trisha Meile, after her book came out, and she attended some meetings at SAVI, the anti-violence group I worked with, and then later spoke at a SAVI fundraising gala. Many of us were surprised to realize that Meile didn't identify as a rape survivor; because of the traumatic brain injury she sustained in the assault, she has no memory of it. She identifies much more strongly as a survivor of traumatic brain injury. She very generously donated time to SAVI and spoke at the gala, and she acknowledged the great support she received from SAVI and from other rape survivors. But our experiences were worlds apart. While the rest of us had to learn to live with our memories, Meili had to learn to live without them.A film that doesn't need to exaggerate, but does"The Central Park Five" is an excellent movie in many ways. It demonstrates quite clearly how people come to make false confessions, and it makes fully clear the gross injustice done to the five men and their families by New York City police and prosecutors."The Central Park Five" is also a flawed movie, in ways that may seem minor but which bothered me. The film's opening depicts New York City in the 1980s as a crime-ridden wasteland, where residents scurried from home to work and back again, breathing desperate sighs of relief when they made it safely. I lived in Brooklyn and commuted to Manhattan during this time, and I can tell you, that is just bullshit.Much of the footage the filmmakers used in this sequence seems to have been from the 1970s, when the state of decay was much more obvious. The film goes so far as to show scary-looking subway cars covered in graffiti, something very rarely seen in the 1980s. There was crime, of course, most of it in low-income neighbourhoods. A few people interviewed in the film do make that point. That has always been, and still is, true.Ken Burns needn't have resorted to hyperbole. The assault on Trisha Meili and the injustice done to Antron McCray, Kevin Richardson, Raymond Santana, Kharey Wise, and Yusef Salaam were horrific enough.Belief and disbeliefWhen the story of the vacated convictions broke, a co-worker of mine - a rabid rightwinger - absolutely refused to believe that the teenagers were not guilty. No matter what the evidence, he remained convinced that the boys were set free "for political reasons". I saw evidence of this man's racism on a daily basis. The (false) story of this crime and punishment meshed perfectly with his worldview, and no amount of evidence would change that.At the end of the film, historian Craig Steven Wilder contrasts the media frenzy at the arrests, prosecution, and convictions with the relative silence - no more than a murmur - when the truth was revealed. It just wasn't a juicy story.Another take: The Central Park Jogger Case Had Six Victims, and Only One Was the Jogger, by Jason Bailey in The Atlantic.Labels: bigotry, history, human rights, sexual assault, what i'm watchingwhat i'm watching: ken burns' "prohibition", an excellent documentaryThis week we finished Ken Burns' excellent documentary "Prohibition," and I recommend it highly to everyone who enjoys history. Most of us know at least something about Prohibition, especially how it failed, but I'd bet that much of this film will be eye-opening.And, if you aren't a regular viewer of Ken Burns' documentaries, this three-parter could serve as a wonderful introduction to his signature style. It's on US Netflix, on PBS, and probably at your local library.I did know that the early movement against alcohol was deeply rooted in the early US women's movement. Women's anti-alcohol groups, especially the Women's Christian Temperance Union - which still exists! - were the first women to speak out publicly about domestic violence. In the pre-Prohibition United States, the saloon was a male-only domain. Men drank away their family income, then came home and abused their wives and children. Organizing against alcohol was a way of asserting women's and children's rights to live free of abuse. Some amazing feminists drove the women's movement forward through the fight against alcohol.However, one thing I didn't know was that incredible feminist organizing was also instrumental in getting Prohibition repealed. The "Prohibition" film introduced me to Pauline Sabin, a wealthy New York socialite who used her formidable organizing, fundraising, and speaking skills to leading the movement for repeal. (The repeal movement was also fueled by the Great Depression, as the return of legal brewing, distilling, and winemaking would return millions of Americans to employment.) Another terrific woman you'll meet is Lois Long, who wrote what surely must be the godmother of "Sex and the City", for The New Yorker, under the pen-name "Lipstick".Here's something else I didn't know: the temperance movement was also deeply rooted in religious and anti-immigrant bigotry. White, Protestant, rural Americans who had been in the country for a few generations sought to curb the behaviour of Irish, Italian, and German immigrants who lived in the teeming cities and gathered in saloons and beer halls. After all, those immigrants were dirty, vulgar, Catholics! The extent that Prohibition equalled anti-Catholic organizing may surprise you.And, like you, I knew something about the unintended consequences of Prohibition - the speakeasies, the bootleggers, the violence. But I had no idea how widespread it was - how much money was involved, how completely corrupt the whole system was, how many deaths it caused. There was considerably more alcohol being sold and consumed during Prohibition than before or after it. And the attendant crime - politely referred to as organized crime or racketeering, but more properly called gang violence - was beyond anything I had imagined.Canada figures in this story, of course, from the supply side, but alas, the country gets only a brief cameo. The film doesn't mention the Bronfman family, founders of Seagram, who amassed their first fortune as bootleggers, or Hiram Walker's distillery, conveniently located in Windsor, a very short, bribed boat ride from Detroit, or the many Canadian border towns that thrived off the Prohibition trade.The parallels to the criminalization of marijuana are obvious, but I saw another contemporary parallel. The Prohibition movement could have been much more successful had it been more flexible. During the movement for Repeal, "wets" gave "drys" many opportunities to amend the Volstead Act to make it less extreme, while still leaving strong restrictions in place. The "drys" refused to compromise. For them, it was full Prohibition or nothing. And because of that, they commanded little popular support. This reminded me of the current anti-abortion-rights movement, hell-bent on alienating potential allies with their extremism.Labels: bigotry, feminism, history, what i'm watchingthe sad tale of an oil stain, or how i was misled by the internetLast week, while enjoying a lovely lunch at a restaurant with my mom and my partner, an oily sauce jumped out of a bowl and splattered on my shirt. All right, it didn't actually jump out, truth is I can be a clumsy eater. But the sauce went on my shirt. Ugh.This wasn't one little dot, which can be annoying enough. This was an entire collection of splats, re-decorating the front of my shirt. Double ugh.Because I was busy with family and friends, I wasn't able to immediately soak or stain-treat the shirt. It ended up sitting for a couple of days before I washed it.When I got home a few days later, I stain-treated and washed the shirt several times. I used my preferred stain-removing spray, OxiClean, and also soaked the shirt in a solution of OxiClean powder, each time putting it in the washing machine on warmer water than I would normally use. The stains did get lighter, but they did not come out.Next I Googled "how to remove oil stains from clothing". I found answers at: WikiHow, Wise Bread, About.com/Laundry, and a blog called the Northern Belle Diaries. There were other sources, but I judged these four to be most reliable. (Another source that is generally good, eHow, recommended what I had already done.)One method was common to those four sources: putting 10W-40 or other motor oil on the stain, letting it soak in, rinsing it out in hot water, then laundering in the washing machine again.It seemed strange and a bit shocking to put motor oil on my shirt. But the shirt was unwearable in its present condition, so I felt I had nothing to lose.I followed instructions.The stain did not come out.Neither did the motor oil.My shirt now has huge black oil stains all over it.If the stain had not come out, but the shirt was in no worse shape, I could have tried another method. But now it's too late.On reflection and hindsight, I might have tried a less drastic method before resorting to the 10W-40. Some sites mentioned baking soda or baby powder. However, I have tried those methods in the past and found them useless.So what happened?Is this idea of removing oil with more oil a myth, kind of like using tomato juice to remove skunk odor from a dog's fur? (Trust me, it doesn't work. Use baking soda and hydrogen peroxide.)Does that mean people publish how-to articles on sites like About.com and WikiHow without actually trying it first?Are these websites simply repeating what other sites publish, the way people do with Wikipedia, potentially spreading misinformation along with good information?Does this method actually work, even though it didn't work for me?I wish I could post before, after, and after-after photos, but, not knowing that my shirt would be ruined, I never thought to take a pic. Just imagine a lovely cobalt-blue, hip-length, gathered-V-neck cotton shirt (similar to this) with motor oil all over it.Update. Catching up on impudent strumpet, I've learned there's a word for the internet phenomenon I was trying to describe above: citogenesis, courtesy of the inimitable xkcd.Labels: complaints, internetlow-wage workers rising: strikes and demos planned for the day after u.s. thanksgivingLow-wage workers in North America are on the move. This movement has been building for more than a decade, and it's beginning to reach a critical mass.And could any workers need it more? Fifty-two percent of fast-food employees’ families rely on public assistance to put food on the table or to get medical care. McDonald's, Wendy's, Burger King, Taco Bell, KFC - hugely profitable, multibillion dollar corporations - are being subsidized by taxpayers to the tune of almost $7 billion a year! Ordinary working Americans are picking up the tab so that these corporate giants can pay poverty wages. (Don't believe it? Watch what happened when a long-time McDonald's employee called the company's help line.) We're not talking about teenagers picking up pocket change. A full 89% of low-wage workers contribute at least 50% of their family budget.It would be a full-time blogging job to keep up with all the organizing, between Walmart workers, fast-food workers, retail workers, and baristas, but when I open my email from the various mailing lists, I'm overwhelmed with respect and solidarity.The workers' efforts have produced some tangible gains. California will raise its minimum wage to $10 by 2016 (just as Ontario workers begin the fight to raise our $10 minimum to $14). Walmart has committed to allowing more part-time workers to transition to full-time work, which would not only increase their pay considerably, but make them eligible for health benefits. (This was widely reported as "Walmart Commits to Hiring 100,000 Veterans".)These results have fueled greater activism, which in turn helps workers in other states and provinces, and other industries, find their courage, too. Baristas in Halifax, fast-food workers in Chicago and New York (and more than 50 other cities!), Walmart workers in Los Angeles... the list goes on. There have been ongoing protests, including civil disobedience with dozens - in some cases, hundreds - of arrests. Workers have been threatened, intimidated, and harassed, and they have continued to organize, willing to lose their jobs to improve working conditions for others. In the cases I know of, solidarity actions and legal actions have been successful at getting those courageous workers reinstated.If you don't think these actions are vitally important for workers, for our communities, and for our entire society, you may not understand the nature of this workforce. The blog I Can't Believe We Still Have To Protest This Shit, written by Trish Kahle, has some amazing research on fast-food workers: "Everything you think you know about low-wage workers is wrong".Myth #1: Low-wage workers are mostly teenagers, college students with summer jobs, or people who are only supplementing a second income.Each of these statements is categorically false. 35 million workers in the US make less than $10.55/hour. That’s 26% of the total workforce. 57.4% of low-wage workers are over 30. Only 16.6% of minimum wage workers are teenagers. While low-wage jobs are known for their high rate of turnover, that rate has declined significantly since the beginning of the recession five years ago. And finally, 89% of people with low-wage retail jobs contribute at least 50% of their family budget.The statistics disprove the myth, but I think it’s important to also confront the logic behind it, which is that it’s morally and economically acceptable to ruthlessly exploit some people and not others. . . . .Myth #3: Raising the Minimum Wage/Providing Living Wages Would Tank the Economy, or $15 an hour isn’t realistic.. . . .I did some math, and the store I work at could afford to pay us $30/hour and still be making more than $10,000 in profit each day. Another store I investigated could pay its employees over $50 and maintain a profit margin.And once again, I would like to point out that workers didn’t tank the economy five years ago. Banks did.I highly recommend reading this post, not only for the facts Kahle has so painstakingly sourced, but for her razor-sharp analysis: go here to read and see links.In a week or so, things are going to get really interesting. The strange non-holiday called "Black Friday" by some - also known as National Buy Nothing Day, and for me merely "the Friday after (US) Thanksgiving" - has become a flashpoint for Walmart workers and low-wage workers everywhere. As we are so often told, this is the biggest shopping day of the year in the United States. It will also be the biggest low-wage protest day in history. You can support "Black Friday" actions with a small donation, or better yet, by joining a protest on Friday, November 29, 2013. Find an action near you at Black Friday Protests.Fight for 15Low Pay Is Not OKOUR WalmartWalmart WatchBlack Friday Protests"What if the minimum wage were a living wage?", from the Canadian Centre for Policy AlternativesLabels: activism, labourthe war continues to kill: the wounded survivors, and those killed by their own conscienceHere are two excellent, heartbreaking stories about what happens to those who survive and don't survive war.The first, excerpted from Ann Jones' book They Were Soldiers: How the Wounded Return from America’s Wars — the Untold Story:An older Army officer calls me over and gestures toward the empty seat by his side. He sits ramrod straight, wrapped in his blanket, and speaks through tight lips as if he fears what might come out of his mouth. “I’ve been in the Army twenty-six years,” he says, “and I can tell you it’s a con.”He has been an adviser to the chief counterterrorism officer in Iraq. It’s hard even to imagine what’s involved in work like that, but his version of his job description evidently failed to match the official checklist of his boss. He doesn’t think much of military bosses or politicians or Americans in general who send the lowliest 1% to fight wars that make the other 1%, on the high end, “monu-fuckin’-mentally rich.”He says he’s going home for “psych reasons” caused by “life,” and he is never going to deploy again. He has two sons, 21 and 23, in college, “They won’t have to serve,” he says. “Before that happens, I’ll shoot them myself.”I ask if he has any particular reason to dislike the military so intensely. “War is absurd,” he says. “Boys don’t know any better. But for a grown man to be trapped in stupid wars — it’s embarrassing, it’s humiliating, it’s absurd.”Read it here: US soldier: My sons won’t serve. “Before that happens, I’ll shoot them myself”.The second story was written by the parents of a member of the US National Guard who deployed to Iraq, and eventually committed suicide. He left a note, included in the article, detailing why: his forced participation in war crimes in Iraq, and then being forced to cover them up. I say it again: war resistance saves lives: On Losing a Veteran Son to a Broken System by Howard Somers and Jean Somers.Labels: how the us supports its troops, war and peacejustin doolittle in salon: stop thanking the troops for your freedom. they didn't give it to you.Justin Doolittle, writing in Salon, takes down the military lovefest currently enveloping professional sports in North America: "Stop thanking the troops for me: No, they don’t “protect our freedoms!”"Doolittle makes the point - extremely important and almost always overlooked - that we do not owe our present "freedom" (whatever that word is taken to mean) to "the troops". (This is a point I recently quoted from Noah Richler's book What We Talk About When We Talk About War.) Doolittle writes:Freedom has become one of those politically charged terms that means whatever people need it to mean. There is no coherent conception of freedom, though, in which it only exists at the pleasure of the U.S. military. It’s simply a non sequitur. The “freedoms” most Americans think of when they hear the term are enshrined in constitutional and statutory law. They are in no way dependent on the size, scope or even the existence of the U.S. military. If John Lennon’s ghost assumed dictatorial control of the U.S. government tomorrow and, as his first order of business, disbanded the entire military, Americans’ “freedoms” would not suddenly vanish.Doolittle also speaks to another concept that critically thinking people should always bear in mind: anything emanating from the dominant culture is seen as neutral and apolitical, while anything challenging the master narrative is branded as "political". But everything has a point of view. Everything carries political perspective, even if that perspective is so commonplace that it is normally invisible. Thus Canadian right-wing MP Julian Fantino can call the white poppy "an offensive attempt to politicize Remembrance Day", but his own government's incessant exhortations of Canada's "sacrifice" at Vimy Ridge, and its re-telling of the War of 1812, are seen as uncontroversial facts.Often, the spectacle of public gratitude to the troops reaches comically absurd proportions. During the 2013 World Series, Bank of America, that beacon of patriotism and benevolence, sponsored an initiative called “Express Your Thanks.” For each photo, message or video submitted that expressed thanks to the military, the bank donated $1 to nonprofits that support service members, veterans and their families. On the program’s website, several such expressions are highlighted, including, most prominently, a message from Melissa, who, on behalf of her family, offers thanks to the troops for “safeguarding our freedom.”“Express Your Thanks” received considerable on-air attention during the World Series itself. Before Game 1 at Fenway Park, Red Sox great Carl Yastrzemski threw out the ceremonial first pitch. He was joined on the mound by three veterans, all of whom are Medal of Honor recipients. In an interview with MLB.com after the game, Yastrzemski contrasted the universal gratitude felt toward the military today with an earlier, less seemly time, when our heroes were subjected to an annoying diversity of opinion:“In ’67, you had a very anti-war thing,” Yastrzemski told MLB.com after bringing the Fenway crowd to a roar. “Not right now where they’re supporting our troops and things of that nature. So it’s very different times.”The undercurrent of all this is that “support” and “gratitude” for the military and those who serve in it is intrinsically apolitical. It’s just something that all decent Americans understand and respect. This approach serves a very important purpose, which is to further blur the lines between patriotism and support for the military. Americans of conscience who do not “support” the troops, particularly those who volunteer to fight in wars of aggression, are not allowed a seat at the table in this paradigm. Their existence is not even acknowledged, in fact. These are “very different times,” in the words of Yastrzemski, and our society has progressed to the point where such shrill voices are no longer relevant.Supporting the military, though, and expressing gratitude for what the military is actually doing around the world, are nothing if not explicitly political sentiments. To suggest otherwise is fundamentally dishonest. It reduces sincere dissent on these matters of such tremendous consequence to our culture and our politics to nothingness.I thank Justin Doolittle profoundly for this excellent piece! I hope you'll read it and share it: Stop thanking the troops for me: No, they don’t “protect our freedoms!”Labels: history, war and peacewhat i'm reading: nw by zadie smithIf you haven't read anything by Zadie Smith, I highly recommend finding White Teeth, her debut novel, and diving in. Smith wrote White Teeth while still attending university, and it was published to great acclaim when she was only 25 years old. It's a wonderfully sprawling novel, by turns wry, satirical, and poignant, crammed full of vibrant characters, multiple themes and threads, and brilliant, surprising language. It deals with the cultural clashes and changes of immigration, generations, and class differences.If you read White Teeth and didn't like it, stop right there; you're not going to like anything else by Zadie Smith. I loved White Teeth - despite its strange and problematic ending - and I'll probably follow Smith down any literary path she travels.I've just finished NW, Smith's fourth novel. NW is another polyphonic trek into northwest London, and it is another masterpiece. The book is full of finely drawn, fully realized characters, startlingly vivid writing, and shifting points of view. The literary critic James Wood, who loved this novel, has called Smith an "a great urban realist", but I feel that sells her short. There is no doubt that Smith is a genius at capturing the complicated, multi-layered, gritty and often beautiful realities of life in a great urban city - no small feat. But she is also a genius of the human heart, of motivation, of self-identity, of inner conflict. Ultimately, for me it is not Smith's London that makes me recommend her so highly. It is her people.Like most novels I love, NW is not plot-driven. It is not a page turner; it is a novel in which many readers would say "nothing happens". Depending on your tastes, that may be warning or recommendation.I have also read and greatly enjoyed Smith's On Beauty, which, among other things, is a modern retelling of E. M. Forster's Howards End. (I didn't know that when I read it, and it's certainly not necessary to know Forster's novel in order to appreciate Smith's.) I haven't read Smith's second novel, Autograph Man but it's on The List.Labels: poverty and class, what i'm reading11.11: lest we forget, let's not forget: there is no glory in war.For Canadians who fear and distrust the steadily growing militarism suffusing the culture of our country, two recent books are indispensable: What We Talk About When We Talk About War, by Noah Richler, and Warrior Nation: Rebranding Canada in an Age of Anxiety by Ian McKay and Jamie Swift.Richler's book focuses on the re-writing and re-framing the distant past. And as the title (with its homage to Raymond Carver) suggests, Richler focuses on language. He analyzes how Canada's image of itself, in relation to war-making and the military, has been radically altered, bit by incremental bit.The book is not a play-by-play of the process; Richler assumes you know the general outline and the major players. It's a deep analysis of the language and symbolism of a right-wing cabal intent on discrediting Canada's history of peacekeeping, and changing its national self-image through revisionist history, from the War of 1812 to Vimy Ridge to Remembrance Day, right on up to the recent "mission" - never a war, merely a mission - in Afghanistan.The forces behind this movement shouldn't be powerful enough to affect such a massive and wholesale change. But they (a) are unchallenged on a wide scale, (b) are echoed uncritically in the mainstream media, and (c) emanate from government or with the weight of government behind them.What We Talk About When We Talk About War is a dense book, and not particularly easy to read, but enlightening, and rewarding, and important.McKay and Swift's book is also dense and veers towards the academic. Where Richler looks to the past of Pearson and peacekeeping with a clear admiration (although with his eyes open, and not uncritically), McKay and Swift see Harper's Canada as exchanging one set of myths for another, more dangerous master narrative.Both books site the same group of academics, militarists, journalists, and politicians, ubiquitous in the Canadian media to anyone who has followed this shift: Bercuson, Granatstein, Hillier, Blatchford, and so on. McKay and Swift call them "the New Warriors". Both McKay/Swift and Richler decry the same trends. An uncritical view of history, a mass dissemination even of a historical record that has been proven false. A discrediting of the value of discussion, compromise, and peacekeeping. Worship of all things military, coupled with the jingoistic notion that criticism or even questioning is unpatriotic, and that genuine debate about the purpose of a war somehow puts Canadian troops at risk.Why does any of this matter? This week in Canada, we see the slogan everywhere: "Lest We Forget". It might as well say "Let's Forget". Because under Harper and the New Warriors, Remembrance Day has become a collective act of forgetting.Forgetting that millions upon millions of lives were lost for nothing.Forgetting veterans and their families suffering from the effects of PTSD and traumatic brain injury.Forgetting that war has never solved anything.Forgetting that war is glorious only for those who stay at home and make speeches.Forgetting that the peace that Canadians enjoy was not won on a battlefield, but hammered out through compromise.Forgetting that what made Canada a great country, what gave Canada peace and prosperity, was not war. Never was war.Lest we forget: never again.Labels: 11.11, canadian culture, canadian politics, history, war and peace, what i'm readingnoah richler on the language of war propaganda, and the dishonesty of present ideologyFrom Noah Richler's What We Talk About When We Talk About War:We have a duty to be honest and rigorous, with ourselves and with others, and to be able to brook contradiction and argument in our discussions of past wars and the present one in Afghanistan. But instead, in today's Canada, we have arrived at a point where the use of any language that is not euphemistic is greeted as an assault on the work of soldiers, on a singular view of our past, and therefore on the character of the nation itself. Ideology thrives. History hardly comes into it.Among the traditional words and phrases prone to high diction that [Paul] Fussell [author of The Great War in Modern Memory] lists are:Friend... comradeObedient... braveEarnestly brave... gallantCheerfully brave... pluckyBravery considered after the fact... valour...Not to complain is to be... manlyA soldier is a... warriorThe legs and arms of young men are... limbsThe dead on the battlefield are... fallenThe object of deliberate semantic confusion behind these turns of phrase is familiar to anyone who has followed the reporting on the wars in Iraq and Afghanistan. Such deftly evasive and ultimately propagandistic terms have only proliferated over the course of a century in which mass communications have been on the rise and the best fightback of government needing to dampen the emotive effect of war's bloody truths spreading via newspapers, then radio, television and the Internet, has been to control words and images, and to the extent that is is able, the media that proffer then.The first Gulf War and the earlier one in Vietnam added to the deflecting lexicon greatly, even before the conflicts in Iraq and Afghanistan. Collateral damage, a euphemism believed to have originated in the Vietnam War, is probably the most notorious of these terms. . . Friendly fire is another stellar euphemism (and one that has acquired a particular resonance in Canada) that describes the inadvertent shooting of one's own troops.. . . An appendix to Fussell's list, easily added to after a trawl of the Web, would include these and others terms accumulated over the course of the Vietnam, Gulf and Afghanistan wars:Torture... enhanced interrogationTorture by interrupted drowning... waterboardingBomb... soften upBombing... air-campaignThe use of preponderant force against an enemy interspersed with a civilian, usually rural, population... asymmetric warfareLethal precision bombing... surgical strikeJournalists who cover a conflict in the prescribed company of armed forces and according to strict rules of censorship... embeddedSending terrorism suspects to states that practise torture... extraordinary renditionPrisoners... detaineesPopular uprising... insurgencyEscalation of a war going badly... mission creepOccupation... liberationKill... neutralizeGovernment overthrow... regime changeLabels: canadian culture, war and peace, what i'm readingnoah richler: canada was shaped by discussion and compromise, not through war[The over-emphasis on Canadian military history] distorts and downplays the significant roles that Canadian politicians, diplomats, jurists and a variety of other civilians (such as artists) have had in shaping not just the domestic Canadian polity but abstract, universal ideas about statehood that have served as examples internationally - in Scottish constitutional development, for instance, and of course in the development of the UN's Universal Declaration of Human Rights, drafted in 1948.The nature of this contribution is significant specifically because the truth of Canadian history is that our military's stake has not been inordinate. Resolution through discussion and compromise, and the recognition of the interests of others that such an approach entails, is seen to contribute to the greater good and to have characterized not only the relationship between the government and Aboriginals, between English- and French-speaking Quebeckers (and between the British government and the conquered French colonists before that), but those between Aboriginals and the original Canadians and brokers and fur traders of the Company of Adventurers of England into Hudsons' Bay since before the modern nation-state and its apparatus of government was founded. Effectively, the only country Canada has ever sought to colonize has been itself, negotiation mostly the tactic. In 1885, Prime Minister John A. Macdonald sent troops to the end of his incompletely built railroad in order to suppress Louis Riel and the Métis and put an end to the Northwest resistance in present-day Manitoba and Saskatchewan, with the aid of Lt.-Col. "Big Tom" Strange and his rapidly assembled Alberta Field Force, though with only dubious results. Today, it can be argued that the colonization effort continues, most notably in the North and in Quebec, though through economic and not military means. This is not an accidental outcome but a consequence of our history.The legacy of Canada being founded on the back of the business of the Hudsons' Bay Company is that the model of the corporation reigns. Rather than the imperatives of the military and a dynamic of conquest, the forces of pragmatism and regulation (and the monopsonistic power of the powerful company that also, to an extent, provides) are what have shaped Canada today. Canada, once Prince Rupert's Land, is a sum of land claims greater than its parts, a country legitimised in courts and boardrooms as much as, if not more than, through soldiering.Noah Richler, What We Talk About When We Talk About WarLabels: canadian culture, history, war and peace, what i'm readingwhat i'm watching: the office (u.s.) finaleIn my fine tradition of watching TV shows and movies - and then writing about them - months or sometimes years after their release, I recently finished the final season of The Office (U.S.).I had seen many episodes of this show in re-runs and in random order over the years. When we started streaming Netflix, I re-started the whole series from S1e1. (Watching shows and movies end-to-end is my favourite thing about streaming. I'm completely gaga over it.) There was a brief pause while I waited for the final season (S9) to hit Netflix, then I finished it last week.I was surprised by how satisfying I found the final two episodes of the show. But I was not surprised to see that these episodes were written by Greg Daniels, who developed the US version of the show.When I first started the final season of The Office, I thought the show had jumped the shark. The writers were resorting to cheap gimmicks and repetition, not to mention the dreaded New Characters Out of Nowhere. I was still going to watch: I had come that far, and I need my half-hour-before-sleep TV viewing. So I persisted, but it wasn't very funny.Then to my surprise, as the season went on, I began to find The Office compelling again. There were problems: Ed Helms' character often devolved into a faux Michael Scott, and some of the Schrute family farm adventures were too contrived for my tastes, among other issues. But as the story arcs moved towards closure, I once again found the show funny and sweet and credible in all the right ways.The final two episodes were great. I loved the Dwight and Angela wrap-up, loved Mindy Kaling and B. J. Novack's ridiculous, hilarious return, and I especially loved the bits of wisdom in the final interviews. Pam reminds us that beauty is found in ordinary things, and Andy wishes we could recognize the good times while we're living them. Above all, Pam recognizes the need for carpe diem.Jim was five feet from my desk, and it took me four years to get to him. It would be great if people saw this documentary and learned from my mistakes. It would just make my heart soar if someone out there saw this, and she said to herself, Be strong, trust yourself, love yourself, conquer your fears. Just go after what you want. And act fast, because life just isn't that long.The brilliant final episode of The Office reminded me that some of my favourite sitcoms have been workplace comedies, the ones I grew up on: the groundbreaking "The Mary Tyler Moore Show," the dry "Barney Miller," and later, "Taxi". Even "M*A*S*H", at its heart, was a workplace comedy. (I was never a fan of "Cheers". I didn't hate it, but I never really cared about the characters.) They always demand a steady suspension of disbelief, since we know they don't reflect real life. But when you can care about the characters, and when credible situations and relationship develop, they can be very compelling. I wonder if I had been able to watch The Mary Tyler Moore Show or Barney Miller end-to-end, if either would have held up.An aside (since someone is sure to ask): I hated the original The Office (U.K.). I have seen very little of it, because I absolutely Could. Not. Stand. Ricky Gervais' character. While Allan insisted that my revulsion demonstrates how good Gervais really is, I maintain that if something causes you to turn off a show, that something cannot be construed as a positive. It was certainly a surprise to enjoy an American spinoff more than a British original.more moyers: democracy and plutocracy don't mixI found the preceding rtod post buried in Blogger drafts, something Allan saved there years ago. I never got around to posting it, but I never had the heart to delete it, either.If you're not familiar with Bill Moyers, he is an American independent journalist, producer, and public intellectual. Earlier in his career, Moyers served as White House Press Secretary under the Johnson administration, but he's better known for the many shows he has produced and hosted on PBS.Moyers has always been liberal, but over the past decade, he has become increasingly radicalized as he reacts to the excesses of endless war and unchecked capitalism. (That's my own observation. I've never heard Moyers describe himself as radicalized, and I doubt he would.)The thing about Moyers is he rarely thinks or speaks in sound bites. To follow him, you must be willing to read or to listen at length. In that sense, he reaches a small minority. On the other hand, the more that minority - i.e., us - understands these issues, the stronger it becomes.I encourage you to read or listen to the Moyers' 2010 Howard Zinn Lecture in its entirety. Moyers writes from a US context, but in our global economy, these ideas are relevant to everyone on the planet. Here's a good excerpt.Between 2001 and 2008, about 40,000 US manufacturing plants closed. Six million factory jobs have disappeared over the past dozen years, representing one in three manufacturing jobs.They found that from 1950 through 1980, the share of all income in America going to everyone but the rich increased from 64 percent to 65 percent. Because the nation’s economy was growing handsomely, the average income for 9 out of l0 Americans was growing, too – from $17,719 to $30,941. That’s a 75 percent increase in income in constant 2008 dollars.But then it stopped. Since 1980 the economy has also continued to grow handsomely, but only a fraction at the top have benefited. The line flattens for the bottom 90% of Americans. Average income went from that $30,941 in 1980 to $31,244 in 2008. Think about that: the average income of Americans increased just $303 dollars in 28 years.Matt Krantz reports in USA TODAY that "Cash is gushing into company’s coffers as they report what’s shaping up to be a third-consecutive quarter of sharp earning increases. But instead of spending on the typical things, such as expanding and hiring people, companies are mostly pocketing the money or stuffing it under their mattresses." And what are their plans for this money? Again, the Washington Post:Sitting on these unprecedented levels of cash, U.S. companies are buying back their own stock in droves. So far this year, firms have announced they will purchase $273 billion of their own shares, more than five times as much compared with this time last year… But the rise in buybacks signals that many companies are still hesitant to spend their cash on the job-generating activities that could produce economic growth.That’s how financial capitalism works today: Conserving cash rather than bolstering hiring and production; investing in their own shares to prop up their share prices and make their stock more attractive to Wall Street. To hell with everyone else.Hear the chief economist at Bank of America Merrill Lynch, Ethan Harris, who told the Times:There’s no question that there is an income shift going on in the economy. Companies are squeezing their labor costs to build profits.Or the chief economist for Credit Suisse in New York, Neal Soss:As companies have wrung more savings out of their work forces, causing wages and salaries barely to budge from recession lows, “profits have staged a vigorous recovery, jumping 40 percent between late 2008 and the first quarter of 2010.”Just this morning the New York Times reports that the private equity business is roaring back:While it remains difficult to get a mortgage to buy a home or to get a loan to fund a small business, yield-starved investors are creating a robust market for corporate bonds and loans.Now, most people know what plutocracy is: the rule of the rich, political power controlled by the wealthy. Plutocracy is not an American word and wasn’t meant to become an American phenomenon – some of our founders deplored what they called “the veneration of wealth.” But plutocracy is here, and a pumped up Citigroup even boasted of coining a variation on the word— “plutonomy”, which describes an economic system where the privileged few make sure the rich get richer and that government helps them do it. Five years ago Citigroup decided the time had come to “bang the drum on plutonomy.”And bang they did. Here are some excerpts from the document “Revisiting Plutonomy;”Asset booms, a rising profit share and favorable treatment by market-friendly governments have allowed the rich to prosper… [and] take an increasing share of income and wealth over the last 20 years. . . .…the top 10%, particularly the top 1% of the United States – the plutonomists in our parlance – have benefitted disproportionately from the recent productivity surged in the US… [and] from globalization and the productivity boom, at the relative expense of labor.” . . .… [and they] are likely to get even wealthier in the coming years. Because the dynamics of plutonomy are still intact.I’ll repeat that: “The dynamics of plutonomy are still intact.” That was the case before the Great Collapse of 2008, and it’s the case today, two years after the catastrophe. But the plutonomists are doing just fine. Even better in some cases, thanks to our bailout of the big banks.As for the rest of the country: Listen to this summary in The Economist – no Marxist journal – of a study by Pew Research:More than half of all workers today have experienced a spell of unemployment, taken a cut in pay or hours or been forced to go part-time. The typical unemployed worker has been jobless for nearly six months. Collapsing share and house prices have destroyed a fifth of the wealth of the average household. Nearly six in ten Americans have cancelled or cut back on holidays. About a fifth say their mortgages are underwater. One in four of those between 18 and 29 have moved back in with their parents. Fewer than half of all adults expect their children to have a higher standard of living than theirs, and more than a quarter say it will be lower. For many Americans the great recession has been the sharpest trauma since The Second World War, wiping out jobs, wealth and hope itself.Let that sink in: For millions of garden-variety Americans, the audacity of hope has been replaced by a paucity of hope.Time for a confession. The legendary correspondent Edward R. Murrow told his generation of journalists that bias is okay as long as you don’t try to hide it. Here is mine: Plutocracy and democracy don’t mix. Plutocracy too long tolerated leaves democracy on the auction block, subject to the highest bidder.[Read the lecture here.]Labels: democracy movements, poverty and class, socialismThe Gilded Age returned with a vengeance in our time. It slipped in quietly at first, back in the early 1980s, when Ronald Reagan began a "massive decades-long transfer of national wealth to the rich." As Roger Hodge makes clear, under Bill Clinton the transfer was even more dramatic, as the top 10 percent captured an ever-growing share of national income. The trend continued under George W. Bush – those huge tax cuts for the rich, remember, which are now about to be extended because both parties have been bought off by the wealthy – and by 2007 the wealthiest 10% of Americans were taking in 50% of the national income. ...You will hear it said, "Come on, this is the way the world works." No, it’s the way the world is made to work. This vast inequality is not the result of Adam Smith’s invisible hand; it did not just happen; it was no accident. As Hodge drives home, it is the result of a long series of policy decisions "about industry and trade, taxation and military spending, by flesh-and-blood humans sitting in concrete-and-steel buildings."Bill MoyersOctober 29, 2010, in the Howard Zinn Lecture Series at Boston University. See the entire speech and following Q&A here.)Labels: history, poverty and class, quotes, revolutionary thought of the day, socialismthe harper government's vision of canada, in our passports and in our walletsSome years ago, I analyzed the "Discover Canada", the most recent guide for immigrants studying for the Canadian citizenship exam. I compared the booklet to the previous citizenship guide, "A Look At Canada", and found within its pages the Harper Government's vision of Canada.Later, we learned that the citizenship exam itself uses a significantly higher reading level than past exams, and functions as a barrier for many newcomers who wish to become citizens: "jason kenney gets his wish: the anglicising of canadian citizenship".More recently, columnist Heather Mallick analyzed the new Canadian passport. Unsurprisingly, she found the Harper Government's fingerprints all over it. Mallick:Canada is increasingly becoming unrecognizable to me. I don’t mean this just in an abstract sense, when I read about shameful things like Ottawa trying to avoid taking in refugees who have been tortured, because they require extra medical care. Foreigners who wake up weeping, with bone chips floating around their spinal cords, I hear you, Stephen Harper, these people are costly.No, I mean Canada is literally foreign. Alert reader Martin Foster had emailed me about the details of our new passport, and I hadn’t believed him. But he is right.The passport, good for 10 years and packed with security features so novel they’ll be useless by 2015, is now being mailed out. But which nation issued it? It is a distant country of which I know little. It is Harperlandia.The passport contains 22 visual watermarks portraying the essence, the uniqueness of Harperlandia. There are, by my count, 98 images of males, six of females. There are various landscapes, from the north, the Prairies and Newfoundland, plus Niagara Falls. There are football players and hockey players, a warship, three war memorials, the RCMP and a soldier. But there is no image of Toronto or Vancouver and no aboriginal Canadian. Apparently only one Canadian verging on our lifetime (Terry Fox) has ever distinguished himself.According to the government, we are white guys, rural, warlike and sporty, but not literate. Our landscapes are bleak, our buildings drab, our statuary undistinguished. These are not propellant images. In most, we are either stationary or plodding.Many Canadians will never see the citizenship guide, and many do not have a passport, or may not look closely at the one they have. But almost every Canadian will have the opportunity - in fact, daily opportunities - to see the new look of Canada, each time they take out their wallet.When I first moved to Canada, I loved the difference between Canada's currency and the US's. Not only is Canadian currency large and colourful in the European tradition, but it wasn't adorned with the stoic images of dead male leaders. Imagine, money that boasted of aboriginal artwork, and children playing hockey and skating on a frozen pond! I thought it was wonderfully Canadian. So doesn't it figure that the new polymer bank notes issued by the Bank of Canada feature a monument to none other than Vimy Ridge, the bloodbath we are told transformed the British North American colonies into Canada. (Much more on that subject coming soon.)Apparently the Bank of Canada considered more modern symbols of Canada - and found broad public support for them - then rejected them.The Bank of Canada considered celebrating gay marriages, black hockey players, and turban-wearing RCMP officers on its new plastic bank notes — but eventually nixed them all in favour of the more traditional images of a train, a ship and a monument.Internal documents show that focus groups and a Bank of Canada team reviewed a series of currency images intended in part to reflect the diversity of Canada’s population, particularly the country’s varied ethnic character.Images that were considered included a Chinese dragon parade, the swearing in of a new citizen, Toronto’s annual Caribbean festival, children of different ethnic backgrounds playing hockey or building a snowman, and a person in a wheelchair playing basketball.The image catalogue was drawn up in 2008 by The Strategic Counsel, a market research firm hired for $476,000 to help the Bank decide how to illustrate its new series of polymer $5, $10, $20, $50 and $100 bills. The first note, the $100, began circulating in November 2011.Drawing on focus-group discussions and workshops with Canadians in six cities, the consultant found strong support for themes of “diversity, inclusiveness, acceptance of others/multiculturalism.” Eventually, 41 image ideas covering several themes were tested and given scores.Among the highest-rated images were those of children of different ethnic backgrounds building a snowman; faces of individuals from different cultures celebrating Canada Day; an image of a hand of many colours; and children of different ethnic backgrounds playing hockey. These selections were then presented by the Bank of Canada team to officials at Finance Canada for further vetting.Many images proposed at the start of the process did not make the cut. Rejected were illustrations of a gay marriage, an RCMP officer wearing a turban, and “hockey with a twist … with a black player.”The reasons for early rejection are not clear in the heavily censored documents, obtained by The Canadian Press under the Access to Information Act.The images that were finally approved for the reverses of the five new bills — the last two denominations, the $5 and $10, are being released later this year — lack reference to Canada’s diversity of ethnicity, culture and colour.In a future post, I will look at the rewriting of Canadian history that lies at the heart of Canadian Conservative project, as I write about at two books on that subject: What We Talk About When We Talk About War by Noah Richler and Warrior Nation: Rebranding Canada in an Age of Anxiety by Ian McKay and Jamie Swift.For now, please enjoy this lighter take on the new citizenship guide by the good folks at This Hour Has 22 Minutes. Thanks to Dharma Seeker for the video and to Rachel A for the Mallick piece.Labels: bigotry, canadian culture, citizenship, historythe harper government's vision of canada, in our p...noah richler: canada was shaped by discussion and ...noah richler on the language of war propaganda, an...11.11: lest we forget, let's not forget: there is ...justin doolittle in salon: stop thanking the troop...the war continues to kill: the wounded survivors, ...low-wage workers rising: strikes and demos planned...the sad tale of an oil stain, or how i was misled ...what i'm watching: ken burns' "prohibition", an ex...what i'm watching: thoughts on "the central park f...wmtc movie and series season is open, please post ...canadian woman refused entry to u.s. based on conf...buzzfeed announces no negative book reviews: what ... Horowitz: Sen. Johnson calls out the FDA for not approving promising late-stage COVID drugNovel gene therapies and therapeutics were approved, marketed, distributed, funded, and in some cases mandated by the government based on nothing more than data by the manufacturers themselves. Yet, to this day, not a single “Right to Try” has been approved even for drugs that are proven safe. This is true of dozens of treatment ideas for early treatments, but is even more poignant for late-stage COVID, where few ideas seem to work when the vicious cytokine storm causing severe lung inflammation sets in. One drug you never heard of is ZYESAMI (off-patent aviptadil), but Sen. Johnson believes people dying of COVID need at least one option.In a recent letter co-authored by Sen. Ted Cruz and Reps. Andy Biggs and Chip Roy, Sen. Ron Johnson demands answers from the Food and Drug Administration (FDA) and the National Institute of Allergy and Infectious Diseases (NIAID) as to why they have refused to even entertain the emergency use authorization request or even review the data from ZYESAMI manufacturer NRxPharmaceuticals on its efficacy against COVID. Like ivermectin, fluvoxamine, hydroxychloroquine, methylprednisolone, and numerous other drugs tried for COVID, ZYESAMI has an established safety profile and is off patent. Unlike any of the other drugs, though, it has never been fully approved by the FDA. Thus, obviously it’s not going to be a candidate for outpatient treatment. However, it is the only drug that does seem to have some promise for acute stages of cytokine storms because it has been used around the world since the 1970s for acute respiratory distress syndrome (ARDS), COPD, and asthma.Aviptadil was awarded “orphan drug designation” in 2001 by the FDA for the treatment of ARDS, for pulmonary arterial hypertension in 2005, and for pulmonary sarcoidosis in 2021. Orphan drug designation is granted for products that are intended to treat life-threatening or chronically debilitating conditions affecting less than 200,000 patients.Sen. Johnson wants to know why the FDA refuses to look at this late-stage drug that already has approval for pulmonary inflammatory disorders when we still have no other options other than the failed remdesivir, which is dangerous and ineffective. Sen. Johnson spoke to a physician who used this drug on 20 patients, and this is what he reported:According to the physician, more than 20 patients suffering respiratory failure from COVID-19 received ZYESAMI as authorized under Right to Try. It is our understanding the patients received ZYESAMI after prior administration of remdesivir did not improve the patients’ conditions. All the patients were at the very end stage of COVID and were not expected to recover. Upon receiving ZYESAMI, no serious adverse events associated with use were reported and 16 of the 20 patients left the hospital. According to the physician, patients with ARDS normally have a 40 percent mortality rate. With ZYESAMI, the mortality rate decreased to roughly 10 percent.Well, if the FDA was unwilling to authorize approval of the FDA-approved ivermectin, it’s not surprising the agency would drag its feet on an EUA for something that has not been approved for other conditions, especially if it’s off patent and there is not a lot of money to be made.In an interview with TheBlaze, Dr. Flavio Cadegiani, a Brazilian endocrinologist who has treated 2,400 COVID patients without losing a single one, was very bullish on the mechanism of action of this drug against the virus. “Aviptadil is a drug that mimics vasoactive intestinal polypeptide (VIP), however, with prolonged effects, compared to the endogenous (produced by the body) VIP,” explained the doctor, who has innovated for two years to save lives. “VIP and aviptadil act in a type of lung cell called alveolar type II (AT-2), that, although representing just as few as 5% of the cells in the lungs, are largely responsible for oxygen transfer and inhibition of dysfunctional hyper inflammatory reaction and cytokine storm, through the inhibition of the activity of one of the main triggers of these reactions, called NMDA-induced caspase-3.”Dr. Cadegiani, who has co-authored numerous studies exploring several other treatments for COVID, notes that “to date, there is no other molecule capable of working at late stage against COVID-19, and at the same not causing immunosuppression.”He also believes aviptadil blocks the IL-6, the most dangerous cytokine at the center of the pulmonary dysfunction related to COVID-19. “The importance is that IL-6 is the cytokine that is not effectively blocked by glucocorticoids, even in very high doses. Thus, aviptadil/VIP could confer additional protection when we most need and when we have the fewest resources for.”He went further to suggest that it is downright malpractice for hospitals not to try this drug at late stage, given the absence of alternatives. “Due to the absence of therapeutic alternatives targeting AT-2 and IL-6, and given the already well-established safety profile, its approval goes beyond the attempt-to-try principle, since it is highly plausible and likely that it works. Therefore, instead of an action of attempt-to-try when giving aviptadil, not providing it when patients fail to respond to other therapies can be considered a medical negligence, from a bioethical perspective.”A study published in India on the pharmacological effects of aviptadil on COVID concluded as follows: “All the evident data, published based on clinical trials, seem to be very fruitful in defining a pharmacological guideline for COVID care. In recent clinical trials, the overall target result is that there is a tremendous improvement in life expectancy, by optimizing oxygenation and surveilling cytokine storm in COVID-19–induced respiratory failure.”In the letter, Sen. Johnson notes that already almost a year ago – before the entirety of the deadly Delta wave that resulted in hundreds of thousands of American deaths – Dr. Fauci himself touted the promise of ZYESAMI, but has refused to rush any trial the way he did remdesivir and Merck’s and Pfizer’s drugs, which, as pure antivirals, have zero promise beyond the first few days (if even then).The letter asks a series of questions of the FDA and NIAID requesting they produce documentation of their work on ZYESEMI, along with an explanation of their recommendation on how to treat late-stage COVID if they refuse to approve any options. The letter also provides testimony from three citizens who had loved ones recover almost immediately after using ZYESAMI, including Marylander Michael Tuttle, whose wife was turned around with the drug after being on a ventilator.Consider the fact that FOIAed documents now reveal that Pfizer knew of 1,223 reported possible fatalities from the shot early on and continued to go through with a process that made their novel therapeutic the most promoted, and then mandated, product in history for people who are not even sick. Yet, for those already on their deathbeds, our government won’t approve and make available drugs with established safe mechanisms of action. And they have stifled or attacked every single early treatment idea, including simple nasal sprays.The most salient question we must explore as U.S. COVID deaths approach 1 million is how many lives could have been saved had our government authorized, much less promoted, safe, established drugs from day one with the same alacrity that it promoted novel, unproven, and ultimately failed therapeutics? It’s not just a matter of justice for the past, but prudence for the next iteration of this virus and others coming down the “pipeline.”Finally, ask yourselves if you trust this same government to make decisions on war, peace, and energy policy that affect our national security and the lifeblood of our economy, if they were willing to do this to our bodies. Rent vs. Buy: How to Decide What’s Best for YouAccording to the U.S. Census Bureau, median rent continues to rise. With today’s low mortgage rates, there’s great opportunity for current renters to make a move into homeownership that stretches each dollar a little bit further.While the best timeline to buy a home is different for everyone, the question remains: Should I continue renting or is it time for me to buy? The answer depends on your current situation and your future plans, so here are some thoughts to help you decide if you’re ready to own a home of your own.1. Rent Will Continue to IncreaseThis is one of the top reasons why renters decide to move because in most cases, rent will continue increasing each year. As noted above, the U.S. Census Bureau recently released its quarterly homeownership report, and as the graph below shows, median rent is climbing year after year. When you own a home, you’ll lock in your monthly payment for the life of your loan, creating consistency and predictability in your payments.2. Freedom to CustomizeThis is a big decision-making point for many people who want to be able to paint, renovate, and make home upgrades. In many cases, landlords determine all of these selections and prefer you do not alter them as a renter. As a homeowner, you have the freedom to decorate and personalize your home to truly make it your own.When renting, your landlord has access to your space in case of an emergency. If you own your home, however, you’re the one to decide who can come inside. Given today’s health concerns around the pandemic, this may be a growing priority for you.4. Flexibility for RelocationIf you’re renting, it may be easier to move quickly should you have a job transfer or simply decide it’s time for a change. When you’re a homeowner and need to sell your house, this might take a little more time. Today, however, with the housing market’s low inventory, this may no longer be the case. Homes are selling at a record-breaking pace, so you may have more flexibility than you think.5. Building EquityWhen you pay your rent, your landlord earns the equity the property gains. If you own your home, the benefits of your investment go directly toward your net worth. This is savings you’ll be able to use in the future for things like sending children to college, starting a new business, buying a bigger home, or simply downsizing to save for retirement.6. Tax AdvantagesWhen you own your home, there are additional advantages that work in your favor as well. You can deduct things like your property taxes and mortgage interest (Always make sure you check with your accountant to see which tax-deductible benefits apply to your situation). When you rent, however, the tax benefits are directed to your landlord.It’s up to you to decide if you’d prefer to rent or buy, and it’s different for every person. If you’d like to learn more about the pros and cons of each, as well as resources to help you along the way, contact a local real estate professional to discuss your options. This way, you can make a confident and informed decision with a trusted expert on your side.Source: Keeping Current Matters | The KCM Crew The Power of Positive ThinkingWhen Dr. Norman Vincent Peale set out to write the book “The Power of Positive Thinking”; he did so in a quest to find out what some of the most successful people in America had, and did, in common. As a testament to the subject of the book, after being published in 1952, it spent over three years on the NY Times best sellers list, about a year of which it was positioned at number 1. His work would go on to influence millions of people.In short, Dr. Peale found that successful people believed that almost anything was possible, and that your mental and even physical well-being could be improved by positive self-talk and positive thinking. The subject has been dissected and researched ever since. The consensus is that a positive self-vision, “can do” attitude and unstoppable approach can impact us in everything from our studies to business to athletics and recovery from illness.While some will dismiss positive thinking as a form of self-delusion, psychobabble or Pollyanna wishful thinking, the theory has been proven time and time again. The poor, uneducated entrepreneur with an unstoppable spirit. The handicapped athlete who excels beyond reasonable expectations. The patient who recovers from what was thought to be a critical or even fatal illness.While many of us have witnessed the power of positive thinking, there is still a reluctance to embrace the philosophy. Yet Peale discusses in his classic how “Believing is seeing” and not the other way around.If you are in business, here is a challenge. If you haven’t read Peale’s book, give it some time. It is an easy read. If you have already read it, give it another go. Then give positive thinking another chance. Renew your belief that anything is possible and you can achieve what you believe. Try it for 30 or 60 days. Motivate yourself with positive self-talk every morning and evening, reviewing your daily successes, big and small. Buy the book for a friend, business associate or some key employees.You may just discover a new pep in your step and start realizing goals again.The fact is, positive thinking is so much more valuable to us than negative thinking. It deserves a renewed effort.Positive thinking doesn’t mean you are impervious to bad events surrounding your business. You still must take reasonable and practical steps to protect your company. Business insurance can help you do just that. You may be pleased to find out how affordable business insurance can be. Reach out to one of our independent business insurance specialists. Let us help you achieve and protect your goals, while you enjoy peace of mind. We look forward to assisting you. ErinElizabethI had to look up pantothenic acid as I knew nothing. While we know how reliable wikipedia is as a research source ;) it looks to me like that must have been a really hard vitamin to avoid and a lot of its deficiency symptoms overlap with yours so while if the advice is only three years old it probably isn’t to blame, I doubt its avoidance has helped. I don’t know anything about copper toxicity either but it seems to me that advice to avoid something that’s in darn near EVERYTHING isn’t very useful advice.There is SO much information out there it is so hard to figure out what actually applies to each of us as individuals. I wish there was just a handbook “Do this and you’ll be fine” that actually was right. By |2021-12-15T03:48:41+00:00December 15th, 2021|0 Comments Lockdown on Rikers by Mary E. BuserMary Buser began her career at Rikers Island as a social work intern, brimming with ideas and eager to help incarcerated women find a better path. Her reassignment to a men’s jail coincided with the dawn of the city’s “stop-and-frisk” policy, a flood of unprecedented arrests, and the biggest jailhouse build-up in New York City history.Committed to the possibility of growth for the scarred and tattooed masses who filed into her session booth, Buser was suddenly faced with black eyes, punched-out teeth, and frantic whispers of beatings by officers. Recognizing the greater danger of pointing a finger at one’s captors, Buser attempted to help them, while also keeping them as well as herself, safe. Following her promotion to assistant chief, she was transferred to different jails, working in the Mental Health Center, and finally, at Rikers’s notorious “jail within jail,” the dreaded solitary confinement unit, where she saw horrors she’d never imagined. Finally, it became too much to bear, forcing Buser to flee Rikers and never look back – until now.Lockdown on Rikers shines a light into the deepest and most horrific recesses of the criminal justice system, and shows how far it has really drifted from the ideals we espouse.Category : Criminal Justice, Mental HealthTags : St. Martin's Press← Like a Woman by Debra BusmanSpinster by Kate Bolick → ← Robert Gorman – Penaflor, Region Metropolitan Santiago, ChileMaxwell Rushton – England, London →Angela Redmond – Chicago, IllinoisPosted on June 28, 2015 by 365Artists/365DaysExcuse Me! Buckwheat has not been recovered by black people as a positive representation of their reality26 in x 36 inMy main medium of choice is oil on canvas. I also work with charcoal and pencil drawings on paper and digital artwork, by use of Photoshop and Illustrator.I have always been passionate about art. It wasn’t until undergraduate college that I became sure that I wanted to pursue art. What really motivated me was during my senior year, the school hired a new painting professor, Michael Dixon, and he showed me a new form of painting that is shown within my artwork today. I was introduced to the thick brush strokes, the vibrant colors, the use of text, and especially the finished vs. unfinished technique.The focus of natural African American hair began because of my personal battle with my hair. My family wanted me to keep my hair straightened because to them that represented having “good hair”; hair that would be accepted by society. Due to this upbringing, I kept my hair straight. When I went to college, and I let my hair grow natural, I would often have people of a different race wanting to touch my hair and add their comments. I decided to finally stay natural and create paintings that represented the beauty of natural African American Hair and proclaimed that it should be celebrated for its distinctiveness.At this point in my life, my artist studio is also my room where I sleep. When I am creating art, I am focused on what I am doing. I need the door closed, my neo soul music up loud, and I am able to work for hours. I often jot down ideas or sketch anywhere from being at a café, or at my 9 – 5 job, but I always to have to be in my studio when it comes time to create the actual piece.I envisioned myself as only being the artist at this point in my life. I thought myself to have a promoter, as well as, assistants to build the canvases for me. I would only have to focus on making the art and speaking at the exhibition openings. That is not quite the case yet. I do everything, but that is ok, because soon I know I will have the promoters and assistants.I always make art at night to overnight. During the day, I have a lot of different people and things that require my attention and take away the focus from my art. At night is when I am able to be alone and get my artwork done.They Saw My Hair and Called Me Ignorant Before I SpokeFor the technique and style of my art, if has really stayed the same in the past five years. However, the subject matter has changed a bit. Natural African American hair is still my passion, but I have also included other societal issues within my portfolio. This includes the encouragement of men to stand up for their responsibilities, as well as, the growing violence in Chicago. I am in the process of creating a series entitled, “Protection or Entrapment” that focuses on the violence within a community and our ability to make the situation better.My family is completely supportive of my art, but their negative views towards natural African American hair have influenced me to create art that celebrates natural Black hair. I am also inspired by other artists, such as; Michael Dixon, Beverly McIver, Kehinde Wiley, Jenny Saville, Kara Walker, and Jean-Michel Basquiat when it comes to technique, style, and composition, and subject matter.Growing up, I was pulled towards being in the medical or scientific field. I even went to a math and science academy.Other than painting, I am also very interested in digital art and movies. I look to combine these interests and create movie posters as a living in conjunction with being an oil painter.Angie Redmond Artist is a figurative and portrait artist from Chicago, IL. She received her Masters of the Science degree in Digital Art from Knowledge Systems Institute in Skokie, IL and a Bachelor of the Arts degree in Studio Art (emphasizing in oil painting) from Albion College in Albion MI. Her pieces contain both oil paintings and drawings.She uses her personal experiences to focus her artwork on various social issues within a culture. For example, the subject of natural African American hair is a reoccurring theme within her art. Having natural hair herself, she has faced a lot of ridicule and negative views towards her coils. Drawing from those experiences she creates paintings and drawings to celebrate natural hair for its unique distinctiveness and beauty. She also explore topics that affect her community; such as the violence throughout Chicago and our ability to make the situation better.It’s the thick texture and vibrant colors of the oil paint and the love for the complexity of humanity that keeps the brush in her hand!She uses her personal narrative to honor her race and celebrate all of the human spirit.Angie’s artwork has been shown nationally in various museums, galleries, and universities ranging from Chicago, New York City, and Miami. She was a finalist in the first Rush Philanthropies Bombay Sapphire Artisan Series. She also exhibited artwork in the 2015 Museum of Science and Industry Black Creativity and was voted winner of the Ultimate Painting Chicago Live Painting Competition.angieredmondartist.comThis entry was posted in Painting and tagged Black Hair, Chicago, oil painter, portraits, Young Artist. Bookmark the permalink. Tag Archives: Creative VoiceConfronting Your FearsI’m turning 45 in a few weeks. As I look back on my accomplishments and my failures, I can only wish that I would be able to express myself like Sarah Kay does; she is a young spoken poet. Spoken poetry is poetry and theater all wrapped in one.I would be able to communicate how it felt being raised in the Projects of New York City. How it felt to be scared at a young age when I had to make a last-minute decision regarding taking the elevator or the stairs depending who was in the elevator. Then taking the stairs and always listening to see if there were neighborhood gangbangers hanging out on the lower level, or if I should take the elevator on the 3rd floor.I would explain how it felt being abused by a distant uncle and NEVER taking the title of VICTIM; I had decided as a young adult that I was not a VICTIM, not going to be LABELED, that I was not going to put MY LIFE in someone else’s hands so they could control my future.I would be able to express the joy of getting on the airplane to leave New York City for good and never coming back. The happiness and guilt I felt as I saw my cousin crying hysterically because we were raised like sisters — and I was leaving her behind.The feeling of not fitting in, in the beginning because even though you were considered Puertorican in New York City, you were not considered that in Puerto Rico.The happiness I felt when my parents divorced, because I knew the fighting would stop; and the sadness of seeing the sacrifices my mother had to make to raise three daughters on her own.In all this time I was looking for my creative voice. I was not into art, music, acting, or writing. I did try a little of everything: guitar, dance, gymnastics, swimming, I was even an aerobics instructor. I was always willing to try new things, but nothing stuck.I’m inspired by people who have struggled in their lives and have been able to make it through to the other side.So if you’re wondering “have I made it to the other side?” The answer is: YES I have. I made it to the other side as a young adult, once I decided that I was not going to be a VICTIM. Believe me, it was not easy to get to that point. I was rebellious, angry and hurt. I came to the realization that I needed to forgive, for me to be able to move on in my life in a positive way.Sarah Kay said in her poemAnd she’s gonna learn that this lifewill hit you.In the face.Wait for you to get back up just so it can kick you in the stomach.But getting the wind knocked out of you is the only way to remind your lungshow much they like the taste of air.I love that! I had resigned myself to the fact that bad things do happen and it’s my reaction to them that dictates how much I let them affect me. I’ve lived by the saying “I’ve been through worse; this is nothing”.So if I could go back and change things, would I? NO. Surprising, don’t you think? I have an amazing mother and family and — even with all the bad things — there were amazingly great things in my life. I believe that the bad or good things you go through in life shape who you become. But they do not define you. If I had not gone through those situations, I would not be the person I am today. I love the person I’ve become. I’m daring, overprotective about my kids, I love to laugh, I love life, and most of all I’ve found my creative voice. At the same time I’m also emotional, my worst critic, and shy.But I don’t give up! As I get kicked in the stomach, I still get up and keep pushing forward.As I write this, I’m scared to death to post it. But here is one more wall I’m tearing down.So, follow what you love and don’t ever let life’s circumstances or FEAR stop you from doing what you always wanted to do.And above all, DON’T EVER LET ANYONE TELL YOU THAT YOU ARE A VICTIM. You are a SURVIVOR :-).Tags: Abuse, courage, Creative Voice, fear, Life, Survivor, Victim That they may be Oneby Rich Nelson“And now I am no longer in the world, but they are in the world, and I am coming to you. Holy Father, protect them in your name that you have given me, so that they may be one, as we are one.” (from John 17:1-11)One night the gift appeared to me as I drove through the downtown streets of my small, rural Texas community. It was a couple of weeks after Christmas, but the city had not yet taken down the Christmas lights that hung over Main Street. As I drove under a strand of red and green bulbs, I looked up and saw how brightly they stood out against the dark night sky. The simple beauty caught my attention, both the beauty of the colored lights but also the beauty of the black sky behind them. It struck me how the beauty of the one accentuated the beauty of the other. The light needed the dark to outline it and give is shape and form. And likewise the dark needed the light to announce its presence. As the wind blew the strand of lights gently back and forth, it was as if the beauty of the two most basic of elements of the cosmos, light and dark, were dancing together.God creates in such a way that seemingly opposite things actually have the same origin, with creation giving birth to successive new forms of creation. Light is created from darkness. Land is created from sea. Humans are created from dirt. And in this way God takes what is and creates something more from it, even if the “more” appears to be the opposite.This simple thought has the power to transform our lives and our world. Rather than dividing everything and everyone into opposites, what if we appreciated them as compliments to one another? Sacred and secular, conservative and liberal, fact and fiction, friend and enemy, they are all of God. This is the mystery and gift of the cosmos. Jesus offers it in prayer to God as a gift to us all, “that they may be one.” Jesus is no longer in the world. But we are. And he offers that now as the hope of the world. May we live into the same love for the unity of all.Share a picture on social media of two seemingly opposite things that actually compliment each other with the hashtag #thattheymaybeoneGeorge E. HiltyContrast is the idea that leapt out at me. How can I see the beauty of the light except in contrast to the dark? How are the images on my TV screen sharply discernible unless I get not so much brightness as to glare or so much darkness as to hide? How do I appreciate the timbre of the soprano voices except I hear the contrast with the basses and baritones?“That they all may be one” was the theme of an international YMCA conference I attended as a teen. It left a permanent impression. Rather than the polarity of opposites so characteristic of today’s zeitgeist–leading mostly to contests of right/wrong–I hearken to the image of the mosaic. It takes all kinds to create the whole, which is often so much more than its individual parts.We were out, three kids, dog, bag of carrot tops, feeding a local pony this afternoon. The birds were in full, competitive chorus and we could also hear the roar of the major road and a paramedic helicopter. The natural and the supranatural, all held in the same aural embrace. In Charleston, South Carolina, 5 Oceans Marine Group has partnered with Captain Will Miller to assist our clients in any sail training they may require. Will is a young sailor who owns and operates the successful Charleston Sailing School at Charleston City Marina. From this location, he brokers the sale of boats and yachts for 5 Oceans Marine Group. When the need arises, he teaches many of our clients the finer points of yacht handling and voyaging.Will grew up in Virginia and learned to sail in the Chesapeake Bay. He has lived in Charleston since 2001 and knows the city well. Throughout his life Will’s parents have owned a variety of sail, ski, and fishing boats in the Chesapeake Bay and its tributaries, the Carolinas, and the Caribbean. Family vacations included chartering in the Virgin Islands, St. Lucia, the Bahamas and Jamaica. Will developed a love of the water at a very young age and chose to pursue a career as a captain after graduating from the College of Charleston in 2005. As a lifelong sailor Captain Will has traveled extensively throughout the waters of the United States and Caribbean. He has been a certified sailing instructor and licensed US Coast Guard Captain since 2006. While attending the College of Charleston Will worked at the Charleston City Marina. Post college graduation he lived and worked in Negril, Jamaica where his family owns and operates a restaurant, fuel dock, fishing, Charleston Nightimeand sailing charters. Shortly after his return to Charleston, Will began working for the sailing school and 5 Oceans Marine Group as an Associate Broker.As the world’s largest truly global brokerage company specializing in boats and yachts, 5 Oceans Marine Group is ready to assist you if you wish to buy or sell any type of boat in the Carolina’s, or anywhere on the East Coast of the United States.Check out an interview with Will Miller and 5 Oceans client, Dave, here to learn the ins and outs of the brokerage business.5 Oceans Marine Group South CarolinaCharleston City Marina17 Lockwood Drive5 Oceans Marine Group made the whole process of purchasing my Beneteau 323 very smooth and simple. This was my first purchase of a larger documented vessel and they guided me through the purchase and transfers. They did just what a broker and the staff should do – make things happen! I have no reservations about recommending them to other buyers if you’re buying a monohull!I can't imagine how anyone could navigate the process of purchasing a vessel without the dedication, care and thoroughness of your organization.Myles and Cynthia KellamNeed assistance? Have Questions? Could Michigan State’s Basketball Team Make it to NCAA Tournament?Danny Stewart Published: February 26, 2021My wife and I and all of our friends are huge Michigan State basketball fans. Win or lose, we stand by the MSU men's basketball team until the last season game is played.Here's what's really amazing about Michigan State's basketball team:MSU just took down two teams in three days that might be on that seed line or better. The Spartans did it with brute force and are possibly forcing their way into the NCAA tournament.According to the Lansing State Journal, this MSU squad, now 7-9 in Big Ten Play, has done something rare. It's changed its identity and its character in the final days of February. And for that, it'll likely get the full March experience.The Spartans don't have to beat another top five team to get to the NCAA tournament. They've just got to win a couple more games against anyone left on the schedule or in front of them at the Big Ten tournament. (LSJ)Personally speaking, I think the MSU basketball team is playing more like a team and it's obviously showing at this point in time.And it's really nice to see Aaron Henry playing so well lately and Joshua Langford has upped his game as well.Even MSU coach Tom Izzo said our two superstars have got to come through and they've been doing it, both of them. Izzo said that Aaron has been unbelievable and Josh just plays at both ends.Coach Izzo also said we've got to win games to advance. I say one game at a time and let's just see if we can possibly make it to the NCAA tournament. GO GREEN...GO WHITE!CHECK IT OUT: 100 sports records and the stories behind them FANTASTIC FOUR #22 EMPThe return of the new Fantastic Four?! • The events of EMPYRE threaten all life on Earth and the future balance of power throughout the cosmos! • And the secret mission that the FF have placed into Valeria and Franklin's hands requires some big-league help! Rated TDelivery Information (UK):Usual TimingMainland UK Delivery (2nd Class)(Excludes Scottish Isles & Highlands, Northern Ireland, Channel Islands, Isle of Man) £3.99 or Free**(Subject to minimum order amount £80) 2-7 working days(Monday to Friday, excluding public holidays)Rest of UK (Courier only)(Scottish Isles & Highlands, Northern Ireland, Channel Islands, Isle of Man) £30 - Scottish Highlands, Isle of Wight£30 - Scottish Islands, Northern Ireland, Channel Isles, Scilly Isles and Isle of Man 2-3 working daysCourier Mainland UK Delivery(Mainland UK Only. Excludes Scottish Isles & Highlands, Northern Ireland, Channel Islands, Isle of Man) £7.00 2-3 working daysWHERE ELSE WE DELIVER:We can deliver anywhere in the UK, excluding BFPO addresses. We are also able to deliver to Austria, Belgium, Bulgaria, Czech Republic, Denmark, Estonia, Finland, France, Germany, Greece, Hungary, Ireland, Italy, Latvia, Lithuania, Luxembourg, Netherlands, Poland, Portugal, Romania, Serbia, Slovakia, Slovenia, Spain and Sweden. We also deliver by air (some restrictions apply) to Afghanistan, Albania, Australia, Hong Kong, Japan and the USA.Please Note: Orders placed for delivery within the UK can only be paid for using a UK registered debit or credit card. Orders placed for delivery to the European countries listed can be paid for using a UK registered debit or credit card. Please note that if you try paying using a non-UK registered card, payment will be accepted or declined based on the information your bank ends SagePay - this does not apply for orders placed using PayPal. All orders placed are in GBP (£). Mon, 07.03.1916Robert N. Hyde II, Educator bornRobert N. Hyde II*Robert Hyde was born on this date in 1916. He was a Black educator and administrator.From Des Moines, Iowa, Robert N. Hyde II was the son of Branham and Stella Hyde; he also had a sister (Maxine Graham). A graduate of North High School in Des Moines, Hyde received his Bachelor of Science degree in philosophy from Lincoln University (Pennsylvania) in 1941 and his Master of Science in Education degree from Drake University in 1970.He was a major in the US Army during World War II and made the military his career until retiring in 1963. While serving his country in 1946, he married Mary Stallworth Hyde and they had two sons, Robert and Eric. Hyde began a second career in the Des Moines Public School system in 1964 as an elementary school teacher at Elm Grove. In 1973, he was appointed principal at Casady School. At the time of his retirement in 1988, he was principal at Monroe-Rice School.Hyde was passionate about education, teaching, and was proud of the leadership roles he played as a classroom teacher, as a coordinator with Teacher Corps, and as an administrator. Another satisfaction and source of pride came from the beautiful roses in his garden. Robert N. Hyde II died on February 23, 2014.To Become a School PrincipalTo Become a Elementary School TeacherDMSchools.orgOutside In African American History in Iowa 1838-2000by Bill Silag, Susan-Koch Bridgford, Hal ChasePublished by the State Historical Society of IowaISBN 0-8033-013-1The Hyde Family,Eric Hyde (Son),Career Advice (Teaching), Dr. Verna PriceDr. Verna Price is an educator and womens advocate. In this segment, she shares why and how teaching is an important career choice. Kim Kardashian West reacts to Trump backlash on 'The View'"My issues have always been more about the people," Kardashian said.ByJoanne RosaKim Kardashian West's appearance on "The View" airs Friday, Sept. 13, 2019, on ABC.Jenny Anderson/Walt Disney TelevisionKim Kardashian West says she wasn't concerned about her "reputation" when she decided to work with President Donald Trump on criminal justice reform because her "issues have always been more about the people."The reality show star-turned-activist shared her thoughts about criticism she has received — and might continue to receive — on "The View" on Friday for working with Trump to free Alice Marie Johnson from prison and promoting bipartisanship with him on prison reform.Johnson is a 63-year-old grandmother who was serving a life sentence plus 25 years for a nonviolent drug trafficking case when Kardashian met with the president about her in May 2018. One week later, Trump commuted Johnson's sentence."I definitely was aware [of the potential criticism], but for me, any of my issues have always been more about the people and not about the politics," Kardashian said, responding to a question from co-host Meghan McCain on "The View.""For me to think that I couldn't go and speak to the man that has the power to change people's lives because of some opinions I may have of certain policies and issues to me felt very self-centered that I was more worried about my reputation than saving someone's life," Kardashian added. "I put that all out the door and I thought, 'You know what? I'm going to choose [Alice Marie Johnson] over my reputation.'"Though Johnson remains a convict, she is no longer serving her life sentence and is now modeling for Kardashian's new shapewear line, SKIMS.MORE: Kim Kardashian West speaks at criminal justice reform event at White HouseKardashian told "The View" co-hosts that she felt like she "had an open opportunity" to help others."From the president going from being really harsh on his stance on prison reform to changing and actually signing the First Step Act and getting that bill passed was amazing."MORE: Kim Kardashian West is studying for the bar to continue her criminal justice reform workThe First Step Act, which was passed last year, stands for “Formerly Incarcerated Reenter Society Transformed Safely Transitioning Every Person” and it aims to provide prisoners who exhibit good conduct with a shortened sentence as well as programs to reduce recidivism.Instead of attending New York Fashion Week parties, Kardashian elected to stay in and continue her legal studies as she preps to take the bar exam in 2024, she told "The View" co-hosts. Democratic prison reform advocate, attorney, and co-founder of #cut50 Van Jones sponsors Kardashian’s participation in Reading law, which is a method that allows one to take the state bar exam as an alternative to law school after studying law under a judge or practicing attorney. California, Vermont, Virginia and Washington are currently the only four states that permit this alternative method to obtaining a law degree."We meet 18 hours a week in the offices and I have to study [for] tests every month, and it's like there's no way around it," Kardashian told "The View." "I have to take the bar. It's not the easy way out because you can do it that way. If anything, you'll save a lot of student loans, so I recommend people do it this way if they want."Sunny Hostin, co-host of "The View" and a senior legal correspondent and analyst for ABC News, apologized to Kardashian for previously being critical of the process by which she chose to enter the legal profession."I've looked into it, and with the crushing student debt, I think it opens up an avenue to so many people," Hostin told Kardashian. "My kudos to you for doing the work that it takes, because I've spoken to Van about it as well, and I'm really happy for you because you're doing the work and prison reform is really important."Proud of her accomplishments, Kardashian told "The View" about how impressed her teachers have been with her progress after taking her monthly exams."They'll look at me after and say, 'If you weren't sitting right here in front of my face I would totally think that you were cheating, because I've never seen someone get so high on these tests,'" Kardashian said."It inspires me. I was not a college person. I did not like school. I love this. I'm obsessed," Kardashian continued. "Everyone's partying [for] Fashion Week, going to every amazing party and I'm sitting home in my room...studying and reading and preparing for this big contract test I have, and I love it. I have no FOMO of not being out at these parties."MORE: Kim Kardashian West explains why she changed the name of her shapewear lineKardashian's newest clothing line, SKIMS, received criticism for its original name, "Kimono," which some accused of appropriating Japanese culture. After renaming the line, Kardashian ultimately decided to cover the old name on her shapewear with a fabric label in an effort to not waste the fabric and material.Kardashian said on "The View" that she “always loved and respected Japanese culture,” and "changed the name right away.”Every episode of ABC's award-winning talk show "The View" is now available as a podcast! Listen and subscribe for free on Apple Podcasts, Google Podcasts, TuneIn, Spotify, Stitcher or the ABC News app. There are a myriad of options to you if you’re in search of an effective weight loss supplement that can curb your appetite. It’s crucial to look for an item that has all the essential ingredients, such as Chromium and Green tea leaf extract. Be sure that it comes with a money back guarantee.Java Burn is a popular weight loss supplement that can be taken along with coffee. It boosts metabolism and aids in reducing fat deposits. It is best to consume this product in the morning. All ingredients are natural and safe to use.A variety of studies have demonstrated that the extract of green tea leaf is beneficial for weight loss. Its antioxidant properties shield your body against oxidative stress. It also reduces inflammation, improves your immune system and functions your liver.If you’re looking for a simple way to increase your daily intake of antioxidants Try green tea extract. Always consult with your doctor before you make any dietary changes in order to safeguard your health.The ingredients of Java Burn are available on the official website of the company. Java Burn is a smart choice for anyone who wants to lose weight and enhance their cognitive abilities.Java Burn works in your body very quickly. The formula can increase the rate of metabolism up to five times. However, you should know that you might not notice any obvious changes if this supplement is taken regularly. It is best to take it along with your morning coffee.One of the most important things to keep in mind when taking the Java Burn supplement is to follow the directions provided by the manufacturer. This is particularly true when you are younger than 18 years of age.Java Burn is a blend of green tea extract, L-carnitine, and Chromium that boosts the effects of caffeine. This combination is not offered in other supplements.The best part about Java Burn is that it is not available elsewhere. To ensure quality and purity every batch is tested by a third-party laboratory. It also comes with a 60-day guarantee on money back. You can learn more information about this product on the official website.Chromium is a crucial mineral that assists in a variety of body processes, including the creation of fats and the management of carbohydrate. It helps curb appetite by blocking the body’s ability to store carbohydrates as fat. Additionally it also has a variety of other benefits, including aiding in sleep.Java Burn is a weight loss supplement that contains caffeine and the mineral chromium. The drink-mixing formula of the company includes five mg of methylcobalamin, 300 mg of green tea extract, and 20mcg of Chromium chloride. This blend is complemented by a tasteless coffee ingredient to provide an enticing experience.Another intriguing ingredient is L-theanine. L-theanine, a chemical that has been proven to improve memory and brain function stress relief, and other advantages, is yet another intriguing ingredient. But the most striking attribute is its ability to protect the nervous system from stress.Java Burn’s website has more than 40 studies to prove its efficacy. The site also contains several positive reviews from happy customers.L-carnitine is an amino acid that aids in weight loss by increasing blood flow to muscles. It also functions as an appetite suppressant.This supplement can help you burn off more fat by increasing your energy levels. This lets you eat more food and not gain weight. You also benefit from more restful sleep and an overall higher quality of life.Java Burn is a proprietary formula that includes all-natural ingredients. It includes L-carnitine, as well as green tea leaf extract.Java Burn can be mixed with coffee for a fast energy boost. It is safe since it contains only natural ingredients. It is best to consult with a physician prior to beginning if you are nursing, pregnant, or taking prescription medication.Chromium is a vital mineral in many body processes. It enhances nerve function and helps to regulate blood sugar levels. Moreover, chromium can help reduce food cravings.Green tea is a potent antioxidant that has been shown to be effective in speeding up the process of burning fat. In addition, green tea is recognized to reduce the amount of cortisol that is produced in the body. The accumulation of fat could be caused by stress. It is important to minimize stress in your life.L-theanine is the other active ingredient in Java Burn. This amino acid promotes mental clarity and assists in controlling the body’s response to stress. It also helps improve memory.It reduces cravings for foodJava Burn is a coffee supplement that aids in weight loss through natural ingredients. This formula is able to curb your appetite and boost your metabolism.The caffeine in Java Burn raises your heart rate, which leads to burning off fat. It also boosts your immune system. This combination of factors leads to faster healing with less sickness and more efficient workouts.Another important ingredient is Green Coffee Bean Extract, that can help improve blood sugar levels. Also included is Chromium, an important mineral. This mineral is crucial for proper blood sugar regulation as well as blocking the absorption of carbohydrates.L-theanine is yet another potent ingredient in Java Burn. The amino acid helps improve brain function, concentration and sleep quality.All of the Java Burn ingredients are natural and safe to use. But, you must consult your physician before taking any supplements. Pre-existing medical conditions must be discussed with a doctor.This supplement should not be taken by nursing mothers. They should not consume Java Burn near their bed.There aren’t any fillers included in the Java Burn formula. Instead, it consists of four active ingredients that can boost your metabolism and improve your overall health.Vitamin B6 is an important component of the formula. It has been scientifically proven to reduce cravings for unhealthy foods increase metabolism, and boost energy. It also can reduce the emotional eating.Java Burn is a safe and natural method of increasing your metabolism. It does not contain any stimulants or artificial ingredients. It is a blend of four ingredients to support the metabolism to be healthy.L-theanine An amino acid naturally found in the human body is also a part of the formula. It aids in managing stress. The ingredient has been found to decrease anxiety and enhance concentration.Another important component of the product is chromium. It’s which is a mineral that aids in blood sugar and nerve functions. It has been shown to curb cravings for food and aid in weight loss.Finally, coffee is a rich source of antioxidants. Coffee is a great stimulant that can boost your energy levels. The combination of Java Burn and caffeine can increase your metabolism. You will feel more focused and alert in the morning.Aside from the benefits of Java Burn, it has no carbohydrates or fats, and it is gluten-free. It can be enjoyed as a separate drink or mixed with other drinks.Java Burn should not be taken prior to time for bed. Caffeine can trigger sleepiness so be aware.Java Burn can be used by simply adding the powder to the cup of your preferred coffee. It will instantly blend. You’ll enjoy a delicious beverage that will increase your metabolism.Java Burn is a quick and simple way to shed some weight. The caffeine and other ingredients are designed to work together to increase the effectiveness of weight loss. Additionally, the product comes with a 60-day money-back guarantee.Java Burn is a product that increases blood flow. It assists in the elimination of harmful toxins and impurities. You’ll feel more relaxed and less stressed.Java Burn uses an exclusive blend of natural ingredients. It contains green tea extract, L-carnitine and other ingredients that speed up your metabolism. In addition, it boosts your brain’s functioning and increases your immunity.This supplement is best used in conjunction with the exercise routine. However, it can also work best when integrated into an appropriate diet. One scoop should be consumed each day.Java Burn contains caffeine, known for its ability to boost energy levels and help you reduce fat. It’s not a stimulant however those who are sensitive caffeine should not take it at night.Chromium is the second active ingredient. This compound is believed to regulate blood sugar and cholesterol levels. It’s also believed to be beneficial for your heart.Some other perks of using Java Burn include improved memory and brain function. It also reduces stress and anxiety.Java Burn can be purchased directly from the website of the company. The manufacturer guarantees your satisfaction. Within 60 days of purchase, you are able to return the item for an entire refund.Java Burn PriceJava Burn Affiliate The Psychology of Mediocrity and Cultivating an IdealYou must log in to access this video. Access Partnership appoints Alexis Serfaty as Director of Global Public PolicyBased in Washington, DC, Alexis Serfaty will be responsible for driving our expanding operations and will lead the data governance and cybersecurity teams.We are delighted to announce that Alexis Serfaty has been appointed as our new Director of Global Public Policy. Based in Washington, DC, Alexis will be responsible for driving our expanding operations and will lead the data governance and cybersecurity teams. A recognised leader with a track record of managing international public affairs campaigns for start-ups and Fortune 50 companies, Alexis’ expertise covers the US, Europe, and greater Middle East. “Our international data policy work requires deep expertise across a range of geographies,” said Gregory Francis, Managing Director of Access Partnership, “which led us to Alexis Serfaty.”“I’m thrilled to be joining Access Partnership as we continue to expand our global presence,” Serfaty said. “The firm’s work on behalf of the tech sector is unique among consultancies and has a clear developmental benefit. I look forward to working with such a talented team.”Serfaty comes to us from the U.S.-U.A.E. Business Council where he was Vice President and Chief of Staff. He has previously worked for the US Department of Transportation, the Trans-Atlantic Business Council and Business Executives for National Security, and has a number of awards and publications to his name.About Access PartnershipWe analyse global trends for the risks and opportunities they create for your business, drawing on long experience of international public policy and technologies new and old. Then we identify policy and technical strategies to mitigate those risks, and drive the opportunities to your advantage, using our proven advocacy methods. Thoughts on Lesson 99 – 2022April 9, 2022 April 7, 2022 MiraclesOneSalvation is my only function here.Whenever I am sitting in my feelings, those pained emotions that are the seeming results of situations in my life, be it sadness, anger, upset, worry, concern, etc., I can choose another way. However, the prospect of another way may seem far-fetched or hard to reach in those moments as I am overwhelmed with emotion. I have found that it is easier to acknowledge the feelings rather than cover them or deny them. The ego, who reads the Course along with me, knows how to use it against me. Typically, it starts its opinions with the word “should” as in “I should be more spiritual than this,” or “I should not feel this way,” and on it goes. This is not allowing me to be in the present moment. In the present moment is where I will begin to heal. In the present moment I can acknowledge that yes, right now, I am not feeling peaceful or spiritual, instead I am feeling _______.This feeling does not define who I am; it is merely a fearful thought. As I begin to recognize and become aware that I do not wish to continue the thoughts or experience the unpleasant feelings, this is where I am ready to invite the Holy Spirit into the moment. He assists me when I invite Him to do so.Excerpt from Lesson 99 in our Journey Through the Workbook for Students: Divine MessagesPosted in 2022, Lesson 99, Lessons 51 - 100, Thoughts← Reading of Workbook Lesson 99 – 2022Reading of Workbook Lesson 100 – 2022 → JOB: Tenure-Track Position in African American Art @ UAlabamaThe Department of Art and Art History at the University of Alabama seeks to appoint a faculty member at the rank of Assistant Professor in the area of African American art with a sub- or co-specialty in the art of the broader African diaspora. Expertise in African American art of the nineteenth and twentieth centuries is preferred, with the ability to teach a broad temporal range of material desired. This is a tenure track position. Primary instructional responsibilities include teaching existing and developing new courses in the history of African American art and art of the African diaspora, as well as graduate seminars in area(s) of specialization.The University of Alabama is home to the Paul R. Jones Collection of American Art, a nationally renowned collection with a focus on twentieth-century African American art, and the successful candidate will serve a pivotal role in developing and sustaining faculty, student, and community engagement with that collection. Other responsibilities include advising students; participating actively in the graduate program; developing and maintaining a strong record of scholarly research with publications and service to the profession; and engaging in departmental, college, and university service.Questions about this search should be directed to the Search Chair, Dr. Tanja Jones (tljones10@as.ua.edu). Review of applications will begin on 1/12/15 and will continue until the position is filled.Details for applying can be found at: https://facultyjobs.ua.edu/postings/36075Author Camara Dia HollowayPosted on October 6, 2014 October 6, 2014 Categories academic, opportunitiesPrevious Previous post: The Ku Klux Klan’s Images of Race, circa 2014Next Next post: ARTICLES: Material Cultures of Slavery in British Caribbean Do I Really Need a Dehumidifier in My Crawl Space?High humidity in a crawl space can be problematic for many homes particularly in the Southern United States. Given the humid conditions that we deal with during the warmer months, you need to be sure moisture isn’t accumulating in your crawl space and leading to problems like mold and mildew. To stay away from this issue, many homeowners opt for a dehumidifier – but is that the right approach? Let’s take a closer look.This post comes to you from North Carolina, courtesy of the team at AdvantaClean of the Piedmont. If you are thinking about using a crawl space dehumidifier in Greensboro, also give careful consideration to our encapsulation service. When the occasional storm rolls through the Greensboro area, encapsulation can help keep moisture on the outside, where it belongs. That way, you avoid costly damage to your crawl space and can enjoy your house dry and mold free for many years to come.A Dehumidifier is One of Many OptionsAs you seek to bring down the moisture level in your crawl space, a dehumidifier is one of many worthwhile options that you may consider. Crawl spaces that feature an unfinished, bare dirt floor allow moisture from the ground to come up into the space, and that moisture can lead to trouble. With a suitable dehumidifier in the crawl space, moisture will regularly be pulled out of the air and the area will be much drier as a result.It’s worth noting that the growth of mold is only one potential problem that can stem from high humidity in a crawl space. If you like to store things in this part of your home, those items can be damaged by moisture content in the air, leaving them either damaged or destroyed.Taking Another ApproachWhile dehumidifiers can be effective, they are not without drawbacks. There is the upfront cost of the unit to consider, as well as the ongoing cost of the energy it requires to run. Plus, it may need maintenance from time to time, and no mechanical system lasts forever, so it will eventually need to be replaced.As a better more reliable alternative to a dehumidifier, consider crawl space encapsulation. Rather than trying to pull the moisture out of the air once it has entered the crawl space, this approach involves stopping the moisture from getting inside in the first place. By creating a durable, thick barrier between the bare ground and the crawl space, moisture will be blocked out and the inside should stay dry for many years to come. This is a solution that doesn’t require ongoing maintenance or power, and it can be put in place quickly by an experienced team of professionals.Call AdvantaClean of the Piedmont TodayOur encapsulation is an affordable and reliable way to keep the crawl space of your Greensboro home dry. Stay away from the potential frustrations and complications that come with using a dehumidifier by simply cutting off this problem at the source. Block the moisture via encapsulation and rest assured that you won’t find any unwanted surprises when you venture down to the crawl space to inspect the condition of your home. If you are not in North Carolina, don't worry, there are AdvantaClean locations all over the country and we likely have one near you that can help you with your crawl space moisture problem. We look forward to serving you. Real Fake Science – Exploring the Pseudoscience of AI: The Somnium FilesThe Somnium Files is set in a world much like our own. There a diners, entertainment companies, abandoned amusement parks, and yakuza hideouts. Police investigate crimes committed by killers who use mundane weapons like ice picks or knives. Streamers play video games, dance, and sing for online audiences and promote their content on social media. Even the mythology of this world is that of our own: Egyptian gods such as Horus and Set or legendary Japanese creatures like the kappa will likely be familiar names. Yet for all the ways in which AI mirrors our own world, it has within it elements that are deeply fantastic. It is a science fiction game, challenging the boundaries of what real-world science is currently capable of and what it may ever be capable of.Science fiction as a genre is most fascinating to me when it has some foundation in reality. That reality may not be proven science, but that space where ideas are just grounded enough to be plausible is the sweet spot for me. It’s fun to be playing AI and encounter some classic science fiction staples – Aasimov’s laws of robotics, for example – but the moments that truly shine are the ones that make me wonder if these were theories that any real people believed once upon a time. How many of Iris’s conspiracy theories are based on real-life conspiracies? To what degree is Psyncing based in legitimate scientific research and to what degree is it hogwash? (A very scientific word.)Those are the questions I plan to learn the answer to today. I want to look at the science of The Somnium Files and learn which parts are real science, which parts are fake science, and which parts are real fake science. Any articles of research that I find I’ll be sure to link so you too can check them out, and look for anything that they cite in order to further read on the various topics.But like, the metaphorical house in your brain. We just look at your inmost thoughts for a while. Breaking into your actual house would be a major violation of privacy.THE BLOOD BRAIN BARRIERThe BBB is a key part of the theory that makes Psyncing work. Specifically, it’s the idea that nanotechnology small enough could actually get behind the barrier and interact with the human brain. This seemed like a good starting point, as it seemed like an obvious bit of real science that the rest of the fake science would be based off of. A quick Google search led me to multiple articles about the blood brain barrier (which it turns out people really do sum up as the BBB), the most prominent of which is on Wikipedia. I skipped over that one and instead jumped to one on the Queensland Brain Institute website, which was originally shared on a website called The Conversation. The blood brain barrier is a real thing and needing to find a way past it is a real thing too, but the reasons are a bit more straightforward than hacking another person’s brain. It actually comes down to the treatment of brain diseases.The blood brain barrier protects the brain from toxic chemicals in the blood. This is done through a semi-permeable barrier that lets certain substances in while keeping others out. Think of it like a water filter – the fluids that the brain wants to get in can do so safely while the gunk it wants to keep out stays on the other side of the barrier. The problem is when the brain is legitimately sick, the “gunk” is actually a valuable medication that doctors are trying to give the patient. Luckily the solution to getting inside the BBB is a lot simpler than using nanotechnology to craft incomprehensibly tiny cables to run through a person’s eyeball.In real life, necessary medicine gets behind the BBB through a sort of trojan horse approach. The medication attaches to molecules that are already allowed inside the barrier, allowing them to pass through to the brain without incident. Other studies have shown ultrasound to be an effective tool for temporarily opening the barrier. This treatment is particularly effective in helping to address the adverse effects of Alzheimer’s. So we can add the blood brain barrier and the need to find a way behind to our list of real science – just maybe not the solution ultimately reached by Pewter in The Somnium Files.THE MANDELA EFFECTIt becomes clear early in The Somnium Files that Iris believes in parallel worlds, AKA a multiverse. When Kaname Date finally sits down with her to ask why, one of the examples she cites is the Mandela Effect. She describes this as a phenomenon that occurred when Nelson Mandela died in 2013 – apparently a not-insignificant number of people were surprised because they explicitly remembered that Mandela died in prison in 1980. Even when she described it, I experienced a sort of mini Mandela effect of my own; I thought he’d died quite some time before 2013. Despite my own mind playing tricks on me, I assumed that the Mandela Effect was more of a conspiracy theory than a legitimate scientific event. So I was surprised when The Conversation ended up having an article about that too!The Mandela Effect is better described scientifically as confabulation or false memory. It’s the idea that our memories are not, in fact, as infallible as we assume them to be. Sometimes when we remember things, we fill in missing information using our biases or simply by playing a little game of word association in our heads. One example given is the Deese-Roediger and McDermott paradigm, where listing a bunch of words related to the concept of sleeping but not actually saying the word sleep can still cause participants to “remember” the word sleep in the list. The article also gives the example of a study conducted by Elizabeth Loftus in which 25% of a sample told a false story about their own childhood didn’t even recognize that it was false.I’ve heard in the past that each time you remember something, you are not actually accessing the “original” memory – in reality you are remembering the last time you remembered it. Like an ongoing game of telephone, this eventually causes details to become distorted. This explains how the internet can contribute to the Mandela Effect as well. One common example I’ve seen cited is how Darth Vader doesn’t actually say “Luke, I am your father” in The Empire Strikes Back. All it takes is for the wrong words to be “remembered” one time, and then that is stuck as your memory of the event the next time you recall it. This can further be influenced by the popularization of the false memories in other media. Vader may not say “Luke, I am your father,” but many memes or parodies of the movie reinforce the false belief that he does. So while I was inclined to think that the Mandela Effect had no basis in reality, the event did take place and there’s definitely a population of folks out there who believe the same thing as Iris. So chalk this one up under “real pseudoscience.”When hanging around inside the Somnium of one Iris Sagan, it is possible to defeat a zombie in the world of Shovelforge that then reveals an image of what Aiba calls THIS MAN. She explains that THIS MAN is a face that apparently makes an appearance in the dreams of many unrelated individuals. There’s a lot of weird dream stuff in AI and for a lot of it there’s not necessarily the science yet to back up whether or not dreams really work that way, but this seemed like the sort of thing I could research. Maybe it would lead me to some interesting research about mass hallucination or something. Instead, this particular rabbit-hole went in a completely unexpected direction.My first step was to stumble on a VICE article interviewing the creator of the THIS MAN website. Apparently this individual was a psychologist whose patient drew a picture of a man who regularly makes appearances in their dreams. The psychologist also saw this man in his own dreams, and after some anecdotal research with other clients and some of the other psychologists he worked with, he discovered multiple people who all saw the face of THIS MAN, someone they had never met or seen before in their lives. There were apparently 2000 THIS MAN dream sightings, but to call it a scientific phenomenon would be a bit of a stretch. Turns out a few hours later some folks brought it to the attention of VICE that the whole thing was a marketing campaign.The “psychologist” in question turned out to be a marketing dude from a place called Guerilla Marketing. They do exactly what they sound like they do, and THIS MAN was just one of their many successful projects. Well, successful may not be the right word – turns out the movie that they were advertising for by creating the THIS MAN website ended up being canceled, so we’ll never know if the shenanigans were worthwhile. Rather than being a mass hallucination or really any kind of mildly scientific dream phenomenon, this just turned out to be completely fake. But although that may not have been a scientific discovery, it was certainly a fun one!Just a normal Tuesday, really.During my research I stumbled upon an article which pretty effectively sums up how science is used in The Somnium Files. The phenomenon is referred to as woo, or sometimes woo-woo, but either way it captures the idea of using sciencey-sounding explanations to back up arguments that are not in reality scientific. It relies strongly on anecdotal rather than experimental evidence and pulling knowledge from a variety of fields in order to try to strengthen the false argument. What’s interesting about woo from the perspective of AI is that it is exactly how Ota and Iris convince Date to give any kind of serious thought to the idea of parallel worlds.Everything that Ota describes in order to substantiate the idea of parallel worlds existing is a wholly anecdotal story. The sister watching TV and calling out to a sister who was never home, or the boy whose friend lost his eye and then turned out not to exist – it’s easy as an outside observer to call BS on these stories but you can’t really argue directly with anecdotes in the way that you can with ideas or data. Ota can’t prove his stories, but Date can’t disprove them – that’s part of the woo effect.Then there is Iris, who attempts to be more scientific but does so by dancing around concepts and using lots of loosely related examples. We already know that the Mandela Effect is better explained by false memories than by parallel worlds. Or consider the bouba/kiki experiment, which Iris uses to assert the idea of a quantum-computer style collective consciousness but really is better explained by a connection between the shapes our mouths make when we say the words compared to the shapes in the experiment. Iris flabbergasts Date (and even Aiba) with some scientific-sounding jargon that’s just convincing enough to woo them into thinking seriously about parallel realities.“But Ian, isn’t The Somnium Files a science fiction game? These kids could be describing science that is real in their world but isn’t in ours.” You’re totally right, and I can see an ending for this game in which parallel worlds and THIS MAN and prophetic dreams are all real things in the universe of AI. However, I think the game is doing a really good job of leaving open the possibility that Date is being hardcore swindled (perhaps intentionally, perhaps not) by his emotional attachment to these kids. One of the biggest questions at the midpoint of the game is who exactly you can trust in this setting.At the point I have reached in the game, the reliability of every character in The Somnium Files has been called into question. Iris has medical reasons why her perception of reality may not be accurate. Her father Renju has behaved suspiciously ever since his ex-wife was murdered. So Sejima was found leaving the warehouse where Iris’s body was discovered, making anyone connected to him suspicious as well. There’s likely a mole in the metropolitan police department, meaning that Pewter and Boss are also potentially suspects. If Iris’s conspiracy theories are true, then Aiba cannot be trusted either. Even Date, the character through whom we experience the entire world of AI, isn’t a reliable narrator. No one was with him when he saw Iris dead in the warehouse, not even Aiba. There’s no evidence her corpse was ever there.In a game where you cannot trust anyone, even the protagonist through whom you experience the game, any of the pseudoscience could very well be woo. I can certainly see a world where the game takes the Zero Escape route and all the fantastical elements are entirely true, leading the game firmly in the direction of a science fiction story. However, I can also see this story ending with a “gotcha” that reveals how the more scientific explanations for everything that has happened turn out to be true. I almost think that ending – an ending in which the conspiracies and the pseudoscience fall away to reveal a very mundane, very heartbreaking murder – could be even more impactful. But only time will tell.AI: The Somnium Files, Posts by Video GameAI: The Somnium Files, Gaming, Humor, Nintendo Switch, science, video gamesThe Future of Game Blogging Collaborations (Charming and Open)A Place for Sylvando: Party Composition in Dragon Quest XI Emma J WellsLecturer and Programme Director, The University of YorkEmma J Wells is a lecturer in ecclesiastical and architectural history at the University of York. She is also a programme director and research associate within the Department of Archaeology and the Centre for Lifelong Learning. She is a broadcaster and writer for BBC History, History Today, History Revealed and BBC Countryfile.Written by Emma J WellsHoly relics and celebrity mementos put heaven within reach Home › School of the Miraculous: A Practical Guide to Walking in Daily MiraclesSchool of the Miraculous: A Practical Guide to Walking in Daily MiraclesTitle: School of the Miraculous: A Practical Guide to Walking in Daily MiraclesWhat if you could experience something miraculous every day?Many Christians think of miracles as rare events for a select and fortunate few. But miracles don’t have to be something mysterious and out of reach. They don’t have to be the exception. Just as they were common in the early church, they can become common for you.School of the Miraculous: A Practical Guide to Walking in Daily Miracles by Dr. Kynan Bridges shows how every believer can develop a miracle mind-set, operate in miracles, and establish a lifestyle in which miraculous events occur.Dr. Kynan has encountered many believers who are frustrated because they are not seeing evidence of God’s power in their circumstances. They have a growing desperation for more of His intervention in their lives. This book was designed to answer that cry for more.The Holy Spirit is the Miracle Worker—but most miracles involve human participation in some way. Dr. Kynan reveals that our growing intimacy with God’s Spirit will lead us to see and participate in His miracles—living in His power and setting our expectations increasingly higher for His miraculous works in our lives.This practical guide for every believer is filled with ideas for personal application, encouraging testimonies, and spiritual activation prayers for tapping into the miraculous. Enroll in the School of the Miraculous today!Publisher: Whitaker House (January 14, 2020)Dr. Kynan T. Bridges is the senior pastor of Grace & Peace Global Fellowship in Tampa, Florida. With a profound revelation of the Word of God and a dynamic teaching ministry, Dr. Bridges has revolutionized the lives of many in the body of Christ. Through his practical approach to applying the deep truths of the Word of God, he reveals the authority and identity of the new covenant believer. A highly sought speaker and published author of several books, including Unmasking the Accuser (Whitaker House, 2017), The Power of Prophetic Prayer (Whitaker House, 2016), and Kingdom Authority (Whitaker House, 2015), Dr. Bridges is also a committed husband to Gloria and father of five beautiful children: Ella, Naomi, Isaac, Israel, and Anna.Dr. James W. Goll is the president of Encounters Network, the international director of Prayer Storm, and the founder of God Encounters Training – an eSchool of the Heart. James is an international bestselling author, a certified Life Language Trainer, and has taught in more than fifty nations. James was married to Michal Ann for thirty-two years before her graduation to heaven in the fall of 2008. James has four adult children who are married and a growing number of grandchildren. James makes his home in Franklin, Tennessee. Tag Archives: MinnesotaThe American States Of America: The Most American Qualities Of Every State (Part 7 of 10)“Don’t worry, we’re not going to actually read this. We honestly don’t care.”~Current residents of CaliforniaPART SEVENAt this point, there’s not much more we can do to prepare you for this segment. If you’ve been reading from the beginning of the series, you know that we’re going through every state to list their most American quality. If you don’t know we’re doing that, hi there, sort of weird that you found this page after googling “Blake Lively Bestiality Sex Video” and you might want to talk to a professional about that particular fetish, but otherwise you can go back to the beginning of this series by clicking here. Or you can just keep reading as we list the 31st through the 35th state to join this fine Union. Starting with…Posted in The American States of America!Tagged America, America States Of America, American States of America, California, Kansas, Los Angeles, Minnesota, Oregon, Portlandia, San Francisco, Spam, West Virginia Local 1 of the American Federation of MusiciansCincinnati Musicians Association AFM Local 1Welcome to the website of the Cincinnati Musicians Association, Local 1 of the American Federation of Musicians. Since 1881 this organization has been the source for the finest professional musicians in the Midwest.Members of the CMA make up the personnel of top performance ensembles in the region, such as, The Cincinnati Symphony and Pops Orchestra, the Cincinnati Chamber Orchestra, the Blue Ash/Montgomery Symphony Orchestra, the Cincinnati Ballet Orchestra, the Blue Wisp Band and many other well-known groups. Membership represents every style of music!If you are looking for a private teacher you can check out potential instructors right from this site. If you are looking to book one or more professional musicians please contact us and we can assist you. By using a member of AFM Local 1 you can rest assured that the music at your next event will be performed by the best in the region. Our members are happy to work with you to help create the perfect performance.You can find us on Facebook (Cincinnati Musicians Association).Many of our members maintain private teaching studios. If you are looking for a private teacher be sure to check our private teacher list. You will find information about rates, level of students, location of lessons, and biographical information on the teacher.If you have any questions about the Cincinnati Musicians Association please email [email protected] or call 513-241-0900. Emails will be forwarded to the appropriate officer or Trustee that can answer your questions.Local 1 Photo Gallery How to make your smartphone more secureAs the world of technology advancing, some smartphones are becoming more porous to hackers. However, we tend to be more concerned with the security of our laptops, but maybe we should do the same with our cell phones. Tips below can help you secure your smartphone.I do not know if it is just an impression of mine, but it is a common phenomenon to deal much more with the security of our laptop and to leave aside for a while our mobile security.However, it is possible that now an even greater part of our online activity is done through the smartphone and not so much the laptop. This is something that further increases the need to shield our mobile phones as much as possible. It may seem a little difficult, but there are five very simple ways that – you never know – can save you from serious problems.1. The most basic: PINYes, I know. We do not discover the elixir of youth. In recent years, mobile phones have been equipped with this line of defense in addition to the classic and traditional start PIN. Every time you open your mobile phone, you need to press a PIN, a pattern, or a fingerprint for the screen to be unlocked.Prefer to put a PIN on the screen lock, ideally a PIN different from the one you started. It is much less convenient than fingerprint or biometrics. For better or worse, it remains your most basic line of defense against anyone who tries to enter your smartphone against your will.2. Use the VPNWe are talking about Virtual Private Networks (VPNs). It is software that encrypts the connection from your device to a server through which you finally surf the Internet. A VPN connection can ensure you a much safer internet browsing without the risk of having your full connection history known. Caution! This in no way means absolute security.3. Turn off your notificationsLet’s go to a real-world condition. Smartphones tend to keep you constantly informed through notifications coming from various applications you have downloaded.The most common of all notifications are those from your messenger. So while it is very good to be aware of everything, there may be a security issue. Who can see these notifications in the subway or your office, or even in your home?If you are worried about any of these, you can go to the Settings of your mobile and turn off the notifications from any application you consider more “dangerous.”4. Check what you have given to the applications you are runningI am sure that if you open your applications and check what you have given to your various applications, you may find a big hole in the security of your mobile phone.Yes, it does not need to know the game you downloaded six months ago, to shoot three-pointers, where you are at all times and what photos you have on your mobile phone. You can easily go to your applications and check the licenses you have given to each of your applications.5. Encrypt everything“Encryption ensures that if a third party tries to gain access to your data without your permission, they will not be able to read it.” I’m not saying it; Google is saying it. PINs and screen locks effectively prevent anyone from trying to access your mobile phone. But they do not do it on a technical level. So it would be good to encrypt your device disk. It may seem like a move to tech experts. Is not. You can do it very easily. You go to your settings and look for either “security” or even “encryption.” The process may take some time, so choose to do it when you do not need your smartphone.Advice iPhone Smartphones Tech tipsThe best ways to prepare to start forex trading9 things you need to obtain to start & run your first companyWhat is a reason that has led to the Gen Z generation becoming more lonely?How to stop wasting time on unimportant thingsI never get what I want in life:10 reasons it’s so hard for you to do what you wantSlow internet? This is behind it10 daily habits to improve lifeHow to get your happiness backHow to stop being a people-pleaser10 best ways to ruin a family reunion Posted inARTS & ENTERTAINMENTPharrell Williams calls for economic equity during MLK eventby Special to the AFRO January 20, 2022Norfolk State University President Javaune Adams-Gaston, who is pictured above, bestowing Pharrell Williams with an honorary doctorate after he gave the commencement speech on Dec. 11 in Norfolk, Va. In remarks made Jan. 17, during the Urban League of Hampton Roads’ annual Martin Luther King Jr. awards program, singer and music producer Williams challenged corporate America to “do more” by supporting entrepreneurs of color and adopting economic equity measures. (Stephen M. Katz/The Virginian-Pilot via AP, File)Singer and music producer Pharrell Williams is challenging corporate America to “do more” by supporting entrepreneurs of color and adopting economic equity measures.The Virginian-Pilot reports that in remarks during the Urban League of Hampton Roads’ annual Martin Luther King Jr. awards program, Williams said big businesses need to invest in people of color and noted that some of them already are.“Not all businesses,” Williams added. “The smart ones, the ones that will be here in 50 years.”Williams singled out the Japanese financial and venture capital group SoftBank. He said the group was investing in founders of color, who could then create generational wealth and change their cities for the better.Williams, who was born in Virginia Beach, also urged businesses and philanthropists to support the Urban League and thanked the local chapter for their work in financial wellness, health and housing.The event, which could not be held in person because of COVID-19, was live streamed on Facebook and YouTube. Several local leaders were honored for representing King’s legacy of social justice. Filters: Author is O. Hermansen [Clear All Filters]Prinn, R. G., R. F. Weiss, J. Arduini, T. Arnold, H. L. DeWitt, P. J. Fraser, A. L. Ganesan, J. Gasore, C. M. Harth, O. Hermansen et al. "History of chemically and radiatively important atmospheric gases from the Advanced Global Atmospheric Gases Experiment (AGAGE)." Earth System Science Data 10 (2018): 985-1018.Graziosi, F., J. Arduini, F. Furlani, U. Giostra, P. Cristofanelli, X. Fang, O. Hermansen, C. R. Lunder, G. Maenhout, S. J. O’Doherty et al. "European emissions of the powerful greenhouse gases hydrofluorocarbons inferred from atmospheric measurements and their comparison with annual national reports to UNFCCC." Atmospheric Environment 158 (2017): 85-97.Lunt, M. F., M. Rigby, A. L. Ganesan, A. J. Manning, R. G. Prinn, S. J. O’Doherty, J. Mühle, C. Harth, P. K. Salameh, T. Arnold et al. "Reconciling reported and unreported HFC emissions with atmospheric observations." Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences 112, no. 19 (2015): 5927-5931.Saikawa, E., M. Rigby, R. G. Prinn, S. A. Montzka, B. R. Miller, L. J. M. Kuijpers, P. J. Fraser, M. K. Vollmer, T. Saito, Y. Yokouchi et al. "Corrigendum to "Global and regional emission estimates for HCFC-22", Atmos. Chem. Phys., 12, 10033–10050, 2012." Atmos. Chem. Phys. 14, no. 10 (2014): 4857-4858.O’Doherty, S. J., M. Rigby, J. Mühle, D. J. Ivy, B. R. Miller, D. Young, P. G. Simmonds, S. Reimann, M. K. Vollmer, P. B. Krummel et al. "Global emissions of HFC-143a (CH3CF3) and HFC-32 (CH2F2) from in situ and air archive atmospheric observations." Atmospheric Chemistry and Physics 14, no. 17 (2014): 9249-9258.Arnold, T., D. J. Ivy, C. Harth, M. K. Vollmer, J. Mühle, P. K. Salameh, P. L. Steele, P. B. Krummel, R. H. J. Wang, D. Young et al. "HFC-43-10mee atmospheric abundances and global emission estimates." Geophysical Research Letters 41, no. 6 (2014): 2228-2235.Saikawa, E., M. Rigby, R. G. Prinn, S. A. Montzka, B. R. Miller, L. J. M. Kuijpers, P. J. Fraser, M. K. Vollmer, T. Saito, Y. Yokouchi et al. "Global and regional emission estimates for HCFC-22." Atmospheric Chemistry and Physics 12, no. 21 (2012): 10033-10050.Vollmer, M. K., B. R. Miller, M. Rigby, S. Reimann, J. Mühle, P. B. Krummel, S. J. O’Doherty, J. Kim, T. S. Rhee, R. F. Weiss et al. "Atmospheric histories and global emissions of the anthropogenic hydrofluorocarbons HFC-365mfc, HFC-245fa, HFC-227ea, and HFC-236fa." Journal of Geophysical Research: Atmospheres 116, no. D8 (2011): D08304.O’Doherty, S. J., D. M. Cunnold, B. R. Miller, J. Mühle, A. McCulloch, P. G. Simmonds, A. J. Manning, S. Reimann, M. K. Vollmer, B. R. Greally et al. "Global and regional emissions of HFC-125 (CHF2CF3) from in situ and air archive atmospheric observations at AGAGE and SOGE observatories." Journal of Geophysical Research: Atmospheres 114, no. D23 (2009): D23304.Greally, B. R., A. J. Manning, S. Reimann, A. McCulloch, J. Huang, B. L. Dunse, P. G. Simmonds, R. G. Prinn, P. J. Fraser, D. M. Cunnold et al. "Observations of 1,1-difluoroethane (HFC-152a) at AGAGE and SOGE monitoring stations in 1994–2004 and derived global and regional emission estimates." Journal of Geophysical Research: Atmospheres 112, no. D6 (2007): D06308.Graziosi, F., J. Arduini, F. Furlani, U. Giostra, P. Cristofanelli, X. Fang, O. Hermansen, C. R. Lunder, G. Maenhout, S. J. O’Doherty et al. "European emissions of the powerful greenhouse gases hydrofluorocarbons inferred from atmospheric measurements and their comparison with annual national reports to UNFCCC." Atmospheric Environment 158 (6): 85-97. Serbian, Montenegro, Cyrillic BosnianSerbian, Montenegro, Cyrillic → BosnianSerbian, Montenegro, Cyrillic → Bosnian, CyrillicSerbian, Montenegro, Cyrillic → CroatianSerbian, Montenegro, Cyrillic → EnglishSerbian, Montenegro, Cyrillic → MacedonianSerbian, Montenegro, Cyrillic → SerbianSerbian, Montenegro, Cyrillic → Serbian, LatinSerbian, Montenegro, Cyrillic → Serbian, Montenegro, LatinSerbian, Montenegro, Cyrillic → SlovenianSerbian is a South Slavic language spoken by Serbs in Serbia, Bosnia and Herzegovina, Montenegro, Croatia and neighbouring countries. It is the official language of Serbia and one of the three official languages of Bosnia and Herzegovina. In addition, it is a recognized minority language in Montenegro, Croatia, North Macedonia, Romania, Hungary, Slovakia and other countries.Serbian is a standardized variety of Serbo-Croatian, a Slavic language, of the South Slavic subgroup. Serbian is therefore mutually intelligible with Standard Croatian and Bosnian. Like other South Slavic languages, Serbian has a number of dialects. The standard Serbian language is based on the most widespread dialect, Shtokavian, which is also the basis of Standard Croatian, Bosnian and Montenegrin.The name "Serbian" language is derived from the name of the Serbs, a South Slavic people who settled in the Balkans in the 6th or early 7th century. The name of the Serbs derives from their ancient tribal name, the "Serboi" (plural: Serbi).The Serbian language is official in Serbia, co-official in Bosnia and Herzegovina and Montenegro, and a recognized minority language in Croatia, North Macedonia, Romania, Hungary, Slovakia and other countries. Serbian is an official language of the European Union.Serbian is written in Cyrillic or Latin script. The Serbian Cyrillic alphabet is an adaptation of the Cyrillic script for the Serbian language, developed in 1818 by Serbian linguist Vuk Karadžić. The Serbian Latin alphabet is a modification of the Latin script and was introduced in 1868, also by Vuk Karadžić.Serbian is a phonetic language with thirty-three consonants and seven vowels. The stress is always on the penultimate syllable. There are three genders in Serbian (masculine, feminine and neuter), and all nouns, adjectives and pronouns have grammatical gender. Serbian has two numbers (singular and plural).Serbian is one of the standardization languages of the European Union.Serbian is one of the Slavic languages. It is spoken by Serbs in Serbia, Bosnia and Herzegovina, Montenegro, Croatia and neighbouring countries. Serbian is the official language of Serbia. It is one of the three official languages of Bosnia and Herzegovina. Serbian is also a recognized minority language in Montenegro, Croatia, North Macedonia, Romania, Hungary, Slovakia, and other countries.The Serbian language is official in Serbia, co-official in Bosnia and Herzegovina and Montenegro, and a recognized minority language in Croatia, North Macedonia, Romania, Hungary, Slovakia, and other countries. Serbian is an official language of the European Union.Serbian is a phonetic language with thirty-three consonants and seven vowels. The stress is always on the penultimate syllable. There are three genders in Serbian (masculine, feminine, and neuter), and all nouns, adjectives, and pronouns have grammatical gender. Serbian has two numbers (singular and plural).Bosnian is the native language of Bosnia and Herzegovina, and is also spoken in Croatia, Montenegro and Serbia. It is a member of the South Slavic language family, and is closely related to Croatian and Serbian. Bosnian is written in the Latin alphabet, and has a rich literary tradition.Bosnian is spoken by around 2.5 million people, and is the official language of Bosnia and Herzegovina. It is also one of the official languages of Croatia and Montenegro. Bosnian is a member of the South Slavic language family, and is closely related to Croatian and Serbian.Bosnian is written in the Latin alphabet, and has a rich literary tradition. The first Bosnian book was published in 1494, and Bosnian writers have been nominated for the Nobel Prize in Literature.Bosnian is a complex language, with a wide range of dialects. The most common dialects are Bosnian, Croatian and Serbian. Bosnian is also influenced by Turkish, Arabic and Persian.Bosnian is a difficult language to learn, but it is possible to find resources online and in Bosnian communities. Mary-Shelsby-Graveyard-Next-Door-1By Alex Camelio, CEO - Posted on October 19, 2020Alex CamelioThroughout his career, Alex has personally helped over 15,000 Agents and Brokers, including some of the Top REALTORS® in North America. His passion for marketing, technology and business development has translated into more than a decade of cutting edge technology and contributions to the real estate industry. As the CEO of the Agent Inner Circle®, a 40,000-member real estate agent community, Alex focuses on providing agents with education and actionable strategies to grow and optimize their business, ultimately building some of the most successful careers in real estate today. Alex is an internationally recognized educator who’s shared his thoughtful and energetic presentations with various National Associations and industry organizations. As always, Alex is excited to share his expertise with everyone. Years That AnswerWhile growing older in the U.S.A.coming out of my shellPainting the living roomWe've been preoccupied the past week, painting the living room, dining room, and entrance way. We are not done yet, because we are not hurrying. I've spent the majority of my life hurrying to get things done both at work and at home. I'm beyond that now.What I have learned in retirement is this: Productivity is overrated. I need massive amounts of time to think, daydream, indulge myself with personal interests.on a walkway, looking down into the water belowPosted by Colette at 4:16 PM 15 comments:There are many online sales for women's clothing at this time of the year. I've been perusing the sales and seeing all sorts of work clothes I'd like to buy. The problem, of course, is that I'm retired and haven't worked outside the home in 9 years.I also almost never go anywhere I'd be required to wear nice clothes, especially a dress, and dresses are what I yearn for. I have dresses in my closet that are totally out of style, and a "little" tight. I'm going to get rid of them. What the heck am I hanging on to them for? If I don't get rid of them soon, the only people who will want them will be costumer's for high school plays.This summer I'll be going to a family wedding that will require me to wear at least one dress, maybe two. I'm excited about buying the perfect dress for my old lady body.I want a dress that looks good on me. You know what I mean. You can try on 5 dresses, and all fit so awful you want to cry. Then that 6th dress is a revelation. It's perfect, and you feel like a million dollars wearing it. Online ordering is easy, but it doesn't give you the chance to try on 6 dresses, one after another. OMG, I think I'm going have to go clothes shopping at an actual store!I remember going to a wedding years ago where my sister-in-law's gray haired mother wore a red dress. She look great in it. I took her picture and told her I'd never seen her look more beautiful, and I sincerely meant it. The dress was simple, flattering, and RED. Old ladies should wear red clothes, don't you think? It's a kick-ass, powerful color.Here's that picture of her, wasn't she gorgeous? I want a dress just like that.Posted by Colette at 11:03 AM 29 comments:Labels: aging, clothesAh yes, 2023. I'm looking forward to it. I hope you are, too.Here are some photos I took on Lake Apopka Wildlife Drive the other day.Those darn cookiesChristmas Eve is always my favorite time part of the holiday, and this one was especially festive and fun. We went to our daughter's house for a lovely dinner and good cheer. Hilarity ensued. The grandkids wore matching pajamas. Everyone was happy. I've experienced Christmas Eve 71 times, and on a scale from 1 to 10, I'd give this a 10.On Christmas Day they came here for a mid-afternoon meal and presents. That was also a good time, despite the fact that most of us were up by 5 a.m. and needed a nap. My only issue is that no one ate even one of my cookies. Not one. So that's it. I'm done making a ridiculous variety of Christmas cookies. Done, I tell you!To be fair, my daughter makes cookies, too. I imagine they were sick of sweets by mid-afternoon on Christmas Day. All the more reason to pass the torch to the next generation in future years. There comes a time, and all that.Now they are all staring at me, waiting to be eaten.I feel kind of sorry for them.Labels: baking, ChristmasI had a beautiful day yesterday.It was cold enough that I could stay in bed with a quilt on top of me. That's a lovely way to wake up, and rare in Central Florida. I made the most of it.A friend gave me an online Jacquie Lawson JL Sussex Advent Calendar 2022.* Checking on the day's surprises is the very first thing I do each morning. I watch the daily presentation, then find the day's elf (who does his little elf dance when I tag him), and check the special room to see what present there is for me to open. Yesterday it was an online puzzle! Such fun. I'll miss it come Monday!I picked up the two grandkids at 12:45 pm, and we went to the movies to see Puss in Boots. We bought french fries. I was in heaven sitting there with the two of them. Every once in a while N would lean his head on my shoulder. Like I said, heaven! E is home from college, and it is amazing how calm it makes me knowing she is home.Later, Tom and I went out to dinner at our favorite Mexican restaurant. I had chicken mole, he had a beef burrito. We both had one of their signature margaritas, they are very tasty.And today I have leftover chicken mole in the fridge. I might eat it for breakfast. Oh geez, I had to go and google it because I'm an idiot. So many calories! Luckily I have a short memory.*https://www.jacquielawson.com/adventPosted by Colette at 9:47 AM 17 comments:Labels: food, grandchildren, husbandReflecting on Nancy, 2 years after her deathA million years ago I worked with Nancy. Old enough to be my mother, I was her supervisor. She was the first person I ever supervised.A gently bred Virginian, she followed her academic husband up north. She was a pianist, a classical music aficionado, a music teacher. Like many women of her generation, she eschewed career goals to be a stay at home mother.When her husband left for another woman, he assumed Nancy wouldn't be able to keep the large family home or care for their 5 children. He offered to take them instead, him and his new wife. Well, that did it! Nancy found a job. She worked to keep her children and the family home. She took in borders to supplement her income. She kept the kids and that big, aging, elegant house. When she related this story to me, years after the fact, her eyes were on fire.When she died, I sent sympathy cards to each of her children. I didn't hear back from her only son. On the 2nd anniversary of her death, he replied. He'd refused to open the card out of deep grief, waiting until he was emotionally prepared to read it. Two years he waited!This is what I sent back to him:Your mother was a wonder to me. Her passion for music, her children, and THAT HOUSE was remarkable. She was like that at work, too. She didn't just work with someone, she got to know them. She paid attention. She drew conclusions. She cared, often deeply. The faculty, staff, and students loved her.She could be stubborn, of course. I'll never forget how I bought her a new computer and she let it sit for a year until I worked up the courage to force her to learn how to use it. Yes, you get that from her.She would have understood and been a bit in awe of your decision to postpone reading that sympathy card/note for two years. A love, a loss, a pain so deep - well, she knew all that only too well. I'm actually consulting a thesaurus for the right word to use to describe her passion for the things and people she loved. It's a struggle to come up with the right word. Maybe intensity with a splash of rage? At her best, she was stunning.She surrounded her desk with postcards she receivedfrom students and faculty over the years.Labels: friends, grief, loss, love, old friendsWhat, this again?For the past 24 hours the tree has been up and the lights have been strung. I'm almost sure I will summon the energy required to put the ornaments on later today.I'm in good shape for Christmas. Most of our shopping is done, cards are out, packages ready to be mailed, outside lights strung, and soon the tree will be decorated. Then maybe I will relax and sleep all night again. It's all so much. Too much, really.I'm having a great time exploring recipes for possible Christmas bakes. I almost made my mother's fruit cake, but then I didn't. Too late now.We'll certainly make the cut-out cookies, overloaded with colored icings. Making and decorating these have been a part of our Christmas tradition since the dawn of (our) time. The grandkids are looking forward to this venerable cookie event. I am, too. This year we are making them gluten-free. Wish me luck.Every year I say this is the last year I'm sending cards, but still I send them. It's kind of like when I say today is the day I won't have a second glass of wine. All good intentions until the time comes.Never perfect, always too sweet, but still my family's favoritePosted by Colette at 12:34 PM 16 comments:Did you know there are 24 regions of American English? Not only do we pronounce things quite differently, but we have different words we use for "things." I came across this great article about it: https://www.washingtonpost.com/blogs/govbeat/wp/2013/12/02/what-dialect-to-do-you-speak-a-map-of-american-english/I have a Chicago Urban accent, even though I was born about 80 miles east. I say pajamas with the middle part sounding like jam. Does that put you off?We often don't trust or respect each other if our accents or word choices are different. When I moved to New York State, I had to learn to talk differently. If I didn't, people in NYS would assume my IQ was lower than it actually is. I kid you not! Ask any Southerner, they get judged the hardest. But then again, they judge right back.Within each dialect there are upper and lower class differentiations. There are racial and ethnic distinctions as well. Judging each other based on preconceived nonsense is the national pastime. Human beings are a cruel bunch.In my heart, my mind, my dreams, I loudly talk Chicago Urban with a whole lotta slang. I'm "in your face" proud of it. I'm never more relaxed than when I'm talking to my people from South Bend.If I have written about this before, please don't judge me too harshly.Labels: linguistics, regionalismFly home, little birdWhen I wrote this (before the holiday), my granddaughter E was in the air making her way home for Thanksgiving. It was the first time she flew alone. She is 18. Her first flight left at 6:00 am. I was up at 5:30 to text and make sure she made that early damn flight, because I'm a worry wart and an anxious freak. She did, no problems.It reminds me of my first solo air travel. I was also 18, making my way from Chicago to San Francisco. My friends picked me up in South Bend and drove me to O'Hare airport in Chicago. When I said goodbye to my mother, I clung to her and cried. All it would have taken for me to stay was for her to ask me to. But instead, in her greater wisdom she said "This is what you want, go do it." So I did.Me in San Francisco, 1970, turning 19Labels: birthday, grandchildren, motherMurray the Cat: Hide and SeekGrandson N came over after school today. The first thing we did was play hide and seek out back. I was it. I counted to 20. When I opened my eyes and walked out to look for N and Tom, I saw Murray the Cat sitting at the edge of the large split leaf philodendron, sniffing and crying. I walked over and spied N behind it. I tagged him. Then I said, “Murray, where is Tom?”First he jumped up in the air with pure joy. Then he slowly walked to the opposite part of the yard where he stopped in front of a large needle palm, behind which I could see Tom’s back end sticking out. Tagged him, too. Thank you, Murray. Good boy.Labels: CatI am just trying to figure this thing out. You know...my life.acceptance (23)Adrenoleukedystrophy (2)ageism (7)baby boomers (2)Baby Sister (3)being a stranger (8)birth parent (2)buying a car (2)buying a house (14)claustrophobia (2)consequences (16)counting calories (5)Courage (15)cynicism (1)dying (7)entertaining (2)ex Catholic (4)extroverts (2)Fairy Step-Daughter (4)fairytales (2)father (4)feeling (9)Hillel (1)idioms (1)illness (13)intolerance (6)introverts (2)Lake Apopka (12)losing (4)loss (12)meanness (7)misbehaving (5)mothers and daughters (7)neighborhoods (5)New York State (1)old friends (12)phone scams (4)Pranic Healing (1)quirks (2)Reiki (1)selling a house (5)Thích Nhất Hạnh (1)Tim Buckley (1)toxic people (5)waiting (15)One thing always seems to lead to another©2015 - The Aging Female Baby Boomer. All rights reserved. Ethereal theme. Powered by Blogger. Gray Panthers of Greater ABQ General Meeting:...Gray Panthers of Greater ABQ General Meeting: Democracy in Chains, The Radical Right ConspiracySaturday Sept 22, 2018Highland Senior Center131 Monroe Street NEMore events at Highland Senior CenterDiscuss a 60-year-old conspiracy following the 1954 Brown v. Board of Education decision that inspired certain individuals to begin the process of dismantling our society.Topic: Democracy in Chains, The Radical Right ConspiracyPresented by Willard HunterWe will discuss a 60 year old conspiracy following the 1954 Brown v. Board of Education decision that inspired certain individuals to begin the process of dismantling our society. Today, the Koch brothers’ billionaires network, using techniques pioneered by Vladimir Lenin, have perpetrated a broad assault on important American democratic institutions. Their goal is to destroy majority rule and restructure the American government so that it spends money only on enforcement of rule of law (they create) and national security. Think about what that would mean – no social security, environmental protections, labor protections, and public education, for starters. Please join us for a discussion of Nancy MacLean’s book Democracy in Chains and Jane Mayer’s book Dark Money.Gray Panthers brings together young, old, women, men, persons of all ethnic, racial and economic backgrounds for the promotion of social and economic justice. Gray Panthers is a member of Albuquerque Center for Peace and Justice. Posted on March 13, 2017 by allisonleider← Gabrielle “Coco” Chanel 3 Famous People You Never Knew Had AgoraphobiaBy All That's Interesting | Edited By John KuroskiAgoraphobia keeps its victims anxious and often alone. But a fear of public spaces doesn’t necessarily mean agoraphobes won’t make an impact on public life.Hunter McGinnis/FlickrMental illness does not discriminate. No matter your achievements or upbringing, the course of your life can be forever changed by “abnormal” amounts of chemicals in your brain.Agoraphobia is perhaps one of the most debilitating and curious mental illnesses of them all. Literally meaning “fear of the market,” it is medically defined as the avoidance of situations that a person fears may trigger a panic attack, such as leaving the home or being in a crowd.It might seem that such a crippling disease would prevent someone from making their mark on the pages of history, but, as you will come to read, a fear of public spaces does not necessarily prevent one from shaping public life.Proust was a French writer whose best-known work, In Search of Lost Time, or Remembrance of Things Past, was a seven-part, 3,000-page novel about aging, art, society, and love. He wrote it in 13 years, averaging 230 pages per year — a respectable pace for any author.While Proust’s works are relatively well known, the conditions that helped yield them are considerably less so. The author confined his writing space to one room at 102 boulevard Haussmann, which he had cork-lined in an attempt to soundproof it. He also used thick curtains to keep out light and outside air, and mainly wrote at night while in bed, sequestering himself even more. In fact, it has been said that Proust spent 90 percent of his life in bed.In Remembrance, Proust describes these conditions. The Narrator says, “Intended for a more special and a baser use, this room…was for a long time my place of refuge, doubtless because it was the only room whose door Ï was allowed to lock, whenever my occupation was such as required an inviolable solitude; reading or dreaming, secret tears or paroxysms of desire.”This points directly to one of agoraphobia’s symptoms: the need for control. Those living with the condition will often require high levels of predictability in their lives and power over their environments and circumstances.While Proust sought to control his surroundings his entire life, he would be unable to govern the ways his work shaped the literary canon. Proust’s novel has been called “the definitive modern novel,” impacting such authors as Virginia Woolf, and attesting to the power of creativity to overcome fear.Edvard Munch and his famous work, The ScreamWikimedia Commons .Building upon the tenets of Symbolism and influencing German Expressionism, some say the the Norwegian painter’s most famous painting, The Scream, symbolizes his own experiences with panic and agoraphobia.Munch’s fear of public spaces may have stemmed from the loss of his mother early on in childhood. At age five, Munch watched his mother die of tuberculosis, and just nine years later his sister succumbed to the same disease.He struggled with agoraphobia (as well as periodic alcoholism, schizophrenic episodes, and influenza) for most of his life, which ultimately resulted in hospitalization. After that, Munch spent his last 35 years in solitude, avoiding company and devoting himself solely to his work. His dedication to isolation was so complete that he found it difficult to keep housekeepers, as they didn’t like that he refused to speak to them.He died in 1944, presumably as alone as he was in life. His agoraphobic masterpiece, The Scream, was auctioned in 2012 for a record-breaking $119 million, testifying to his enormous talent and enduring influence.Inside Whittier, The Remote Alaskan Town Almost All Under One RoofHow William Sebold Took Down The Largest Nazi Spy Ring In U.S. History Digital Nomadism More Enticing Than Ever BeforeA new report from American Express has found that 54% of respondents view being a digital nomad more enticing than ever before.“After a year of working from home, people have realized the benefits of working remotely, from spending more time at home with family to trading in your virtual beach background for the real thing,” said Audrey Hendley, president of American Express Travel. “While it’s too soon to predict exactly how this will play out, it’s likely that we’ll start to see a hybrid in-person/remote work style become more of a norm.”The report includes research from consumer surveys and American Express Travel booking data, providing insight into what consumer’s want and desire from the future of travel.Around 78% of respondents stated that they wanted to travel in 2021 and 87% stated that having a future trip planned would give them something to look forward to.Many have opted for the “book now, figure it out later” approach, with 56% of respondents stating that they are willing to book a trip now even if they have to cancel it later.Even more, 63% of respondents stated that they were saving up their credit card points so they can eventually go on vacation when they feel safe doing so.Tags: daily_digestdigital nomads Write for us- News, World & Technology Guest PostThe No. 1 Question Everyone Working in eco worthy Should Know How to Answerby VirtualThe first time that my son, Jarek, and I were in the car on a road trip, he was talking about what the car would do if he were to stop. He explained that it would be like having wings. He was just talking about the car because his friends were talking about it too. The next thing I knew he was standing in the front of the car, looking at it and asking me what it would do if he were to stop.It’s a very good question. As you may remember from the ’90s video games we had been spoiled by, cars are pretty great in our eyes. They’re fast, they’re cheap, and they’re easy to maneuver. When you’re stuck in traffic and you want to move as quickly as possible, the first thing you need is a car that can move as fast as possible. The best automotive companies are those that combine these two characteristics into one.What’s great about cars is that they are environmentally friendly. Cars use as little energy as possible and are designed to operate over a wide range of weather conditions. Cars are built to last and theyre built to last. If you want to take your car to an environmentalist event, you might want to check out the Eco-Car Challenge.At the eco-car challenge, contestants are given a car that has been designed to run over the track at speeds up to 250 miles per hour. The car must be made of carbon fiber, and it has to be a hybrid because this is the first eco-car to get the green light. The race runs for five laps around a track, and the car with the least amount of carbon going into the exhaust is the winner.I had the chance to check out the eco-car challenge in person, and it was a fantastic event. The track used a number of new materials and was made to be challenging for carbon fiber cars. The race was very intense and a lot of fun, and the cars were all very impressive.The race was also the first time that we saw the carbon fiber race car do it’s best, which it did, and it was very impressive. It’s a shame that it has to be a hybrid hybrid car to be able to compete, but I guess that’s why it’s eco-friendly.Yes, you guessed it. The racing car was made entirely out of carbon fiber. It was just gorgeous. The race was all about the carbon fiber and the car’s handling, which was on point, and the car’s handling was also impressive.Carbon fiber cars have always been an important part of cars. They are lightweight, strong, and durable. However, they do have a few issues. For starters, carbon fiber cars cost a lot of money. In the case of the carbon fiber car, you pay for the materials, which is a good thing because it means that you’re not just buying a carbon fiber car. You’re buying a carbon fiber car with a carbon fiber body and carbon fiber doors and a carbon fiber roof.The carbon fiber car is a great car, but it costs a lot of money. It is great that you can have a carbon fiber car that will perform better than every car on the road. But you can’t go to the grocery store and pick up every single good grocery item. If you want to live a sustainable life, you need to find other ways of getting around. An eco-friendly car is one way of doing this.I know a lot of people are upset over the idea that a car is a waste, but to my mind the best example of a car that uses no oil or gasoline is a car with a fuel cell. An electric car that runs on electricity is another great example of this. Like all the other electric cars, the fuel cell car is a great car, but it only lasts about 75 miles on a good day, because you need to charge it every two to three hours.Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Pinterest Whatsapp Reddit7 Answers to the Most Frequently Asked Questions About buzz look an alien10 No-Fuss Ways to Figuring Out Your jo’s nailsAlpha News Buzz is a Professional News Platform. Here we will provide you only interesting content, which you will like very much. We’re dedicated to providing you the best of News, with a focus on dependability and News.© 2022 Alpha News Buzz - All Rights Reserved. Princess Neon SculptureEvery product is unique, just like you. If you're looking for a product that fits the mold of your life, the Princess Neon Sculpture is for you. ALTERNATE TAKESbroadening the jazz perspectiveThe Improbable Aficionado← The Wu? Who Knew? Better ask somebody…like Jason Moran.Nellie & Thelonious — A Love Supreme →My Name Is OscarPosted on April 26, 2011 by Angelika BeenerWhen listening to trumpeter Ambrose Akinmusire’s new album, When The Heart Emerges Glistening (Blue Note) I purposely skipped track 9, as a matter of practice. “My Name is Oscar” is a tune written by the Oakland native in tribute to Oscar Grant III; an unarmed Black man who was murdered by a Bay Area Rapid Transit police officer. The officer shot Grant in his back while he lay in a defenseless face-down position on the train platform in the early morning hours of New Years Day, 2009. Being a New York native, and living through so much police brutality, it was a song I didn’t want to face. But I did today. I needed to face the song. I’m not sure what compelled me to do this, but I knew that the murder had been documented by several witnesses, and I watched the video while listening to the song. That was a good and a bad idea. A bad idea simply because it was so very hard to watch (I had avoided the unbelievable horror of the footage until now). But a good idea because it put the issue of police brutality in my face in a way I have never dealt with. That’s not to say I had never seen Black men terrorized by the police. Much to the contrary. But I think dealing with Oscar Grant’s death was so important, especially living in a pseudo-post-racial society. In the last three decades, I was able to reflect on the countless racially-inspired murders of Black people, committed by officers paid to serve and protect them. Grant, Amadou Diallo, Timothy Stansbury Jr., Sean Bell, Aiyana Jones and on and on and on and on and on…..And just last week, The Pleasantville Police Benevolent Association honored the officer who shot and killed Danroy “D.J.” Henry, an unarmed, Black college football player in 2010. The officer was honored for the “dignified and professional manner [he’s] conducted himself throughout his career and this ordeal.”Killing Black men is dignified and professional in America.Oscar Grant IIIOn “My Name is Oscar” drummer Justin Brown (also from Oakland) emits a brilliant and emotionally rousing performance while phrases like “live,” “don’t shoot” and “we are the same” echo in the folds of the solo. When I listened to the song, it reminded me of how jazz has always narrated the human struggle. From John Coltrane, to Max Roach to Branford Marsalis, and now to Mr. Akinmusire, jazz musicians have always been fearless about putting the Black struggle in the face of their audience. This is the most commendable and important work. To make people think differently about the world they live in, and to inspire change, is the best work.Perhaps because I’ve seen this happen and go unpunished too many times to count. Perhaps because I have a brother named Oscar. Perhaps because I’m raising a Black child in America. Or probably because of all of the above…I must say that “My Name Is Oscar” is one of the most important anthems of our generation. Check out Mr. Akinmusire’s website, and he and his band are not to be missed whenever in your area.This entry was posted in Arts, Culture, Jazz, Music, News, Politics and tagged ambrose akinmusire, blue note, justin brown, oscar grany III, police brutality. Bookmark the permalink.4 responses to “My Name Is Oscar”Marcus Strickland says:Definitely an important anthem of our generation – agreed! I already saw the video (it was very disturbing), so I was actually impatient to get to “My Name is Oscar”. One of the deepest parts of the dialogue is “Nineteen days…. inauguration!” That’s one of the main things that lingered in my mind when I followed the coverage of this tragic event. Once Obama was elected I had several encounters with those who thought there was now nothing for African Americans to “complain” about or use as an “excuse”. But, events like this put it all in perspective – even though it isn’t productive to look for it, racism is still out there. About the music: well thought out, expressed and executed. A must have in anyone’s collection…Angelika Beener says:Really insightful, Marcus. You know, I remember feeling the same way. I remember feeling like “wow, what a way to start the new year.” I know it’s naive, but you like to think new year brings new outlooks and you subconsciously expect the best of people. This was just such a harsh, awful way to bring in the new year. I was also weeks away from giving birth, and I just remember how disturbing this was. You made one of the most important points of this discussion in your reply. Oscar Grant’s murder juxtaposing Obama’s election spoke volumes about the human struggle that we are still facing today. Obama’s election has not cured the race problem, and it’s a shame that so many people are so out of touch to even attempt to make that conclusion.Otis Brown III says:Beautiful Jelly…! I too have been following this case carefully since this horrific incident. It was appalling to me that the officer involved in the shooting, and convicted of involuntary manslaughter, was released early in June for “good behavior”. He served 366 days with no incident in prison, so that supposedly equaled the 731 he was supposed to serve. Really? To add insult to FATAL injury, they throw 1.5 million dollars at the family as if to say “Here.. shut up.” That amount comes nowhere near the cost of taking care of Oscar’s 6 yr old daughter or the therapy she’ll need to help her cope with the loss of her father. It definitely doesn’t replace his parents’ son, his uncle’s nephew, etc.I guess it’s cool to the powers that be though, because they probably used the same age old formula from the 1800’s. Black Male slave, strong, young, hard worker, proven breeder… $1600. At least they were nice enough to adjust for the cost of living increases. Literally smh!Pingback: Orrin Evans: On Big Band and Taking Bigger Stands | ALTERNATE TAKESSubscribe to Alternate Takes!Enter your email address to subscribe to this blog and receive notifications of new posts by email!History In the Key of StevieThelonious Monk Society For the American Arts Launches With Major Art Exhibition in NYC; Celebrates Monk’s 95thJazz Gallery Director Rio Sakairi Produces Benefit Album For Disaster Close to ‘Home’Album For the WeekDrummer Composers SeriesArchives Select Month February 2015 (1) October 2012 (1) September 2012 (1) August 2012 (1) July 2012 (1) May 2012 (1) April 2012 (2) March 2012 (2) February 2012 (4) January 2012 (2) December 2011 (2) November 2011 (1) October 2011 (4) September 2011 (9) August 2011 (5) July 2011 (6) June 2011 (8) May 2011 (5) April 2011 (5)Alternate Takes at Nextbop!Angelika Beener is proud to be a contributing writer for the Nextbop blog. Check it out here!Alternate Takes on FacebookUpdates, news and more!Other Cool BlogsA Blog SupremeHipHoPoliticJazz OnlineJazzCornerNate Chinen's The GigNextbopNicholas Payton: Into the BlogOpen Sky JazzSt. Louis Jazz NotesTed Panken's Today Is the QuestionThe Sophisticated AudiophileWBGO-FM Blog Tag: church3 Must-See Historic Churches in Santa Fe, New MexicoSanta Fe, New Mexico offers so much more than iconic red adobe buildings, turquoise and silver, southwest art, and old traditional southwestern culture. New Mexico’s state capitol is also known for its’ deep Christian roots. Thus, the city has an amazing collection of old historic churches in Santa Fe just waiting for you to visit! And you don’t even have to be a Christian to see them!Continue reading “3 Must-See Historic Churches in Santa Fe, New Mexico” 5/26/20 Planning, Planting, and Still Working on the HouseMay 26, 2020 by TylerHello All! Brace yourselves, Pretty Lady and I are going on an adventure this coming weekend. The plan is pretty fluid, especially since campgrounds aren’t open in KY yet, but we will be departing for Mammoth Cave on Friday afternoon, and then heading on to Great Smokey Mountains National Park. This is going to be our first adventure together with Jeff, so expect there to be some serious entertainment! I don’t think we’ll be doing daily posts on here, but we’ll be posting on our facebook and Instagram.The Tiny Terrorist has also been practicing for road trips. I really don’t understand how he can sleep in the positions that he does, but he is a pro! Unfortunately he will not be joining us on this adventure, but we are also planning a 2 week long trip out west and he’ll be on that one.I’ve spent some serious time in the last few days setting up my garden. Unfortunately my father was right and it was too wet to till the areas. That being said, I was already late planting for the season, so I just put down some cardboard and hay and went for it. I also took a couple of livestock panels and bent them into an arch for my green beans and cucumbers to grow up. When it’s all said and done, I’ll have tomatoes, peppers, cucumbers, green beans, potatoes, onions, carrots, and watermelons this year!I’ve also made progress on the house. We stripped the old siding and underlayment off of the exterior wall above the roof and replaced it with OSB and cement board. As soon as I get it painted it’ll be time to start on the trim for the backside of the house! So soon, we’ll get to actually see what the outside of the house is going to look like!Would you like an email every time I post something? Would you like to get exclusive content like teasers of the book I’m writing? If the answer is anything short of “Hard Pass” please sign up and prepare to enjoy updates and exclusive content!Would you like to hire me to write for you? Please email me at amanajeepnorealplan@gmail.comFiled Under: Uncategorized Tagged With: 33 Years of Bad Ideas, Home remodling, Plans, tiny terrorist Episode 54 - How To Have A Great Mother’s DayDo you dread Mother’s Day? Do you end up feeling disappointment, guilt, or shame? Or does it remind you of what you do not have? In this episode, we will discuss how you can have a great Mother’s Day no matter your situation. Homeopathy (or homoeopathy) is a 200-year-old kind of alternative medicine that purports to promote a process of healing and increase the body's capacity to heal itself. Those who practise it believe that it is a holistic medical system founded on the notion of treating "like wBy Dharmahomeo 18 Oct 2022What Is Homeopathy and How Effective It Is?About HomeopathyHomeopathy (or homoeopathy) is a 200-year-old kind of alternative medicine that purports to promote a process of healing and increase the body's capacity to heal itself. Those who practise it believe that it is a holistic medical system founded on the notion of treating "like with like." It purports to boost the body's natural healing reaction to illness by employing specially formulated, very diluted medicines.Homeopaths claim to treat the full person, taking into consideration personality, lifestyle, and inherited variables, as well as the disease's history. Because each person is unique, homoeopathic medications are given to treat individuals.Benefits of homeopathyHomeopathy focuses above illness labels to treat the underlying causes rather than just the indications, and it encourages the body's own natural healing powers to restore health, vigour, and well-being. It cures the sufferer from inside rather than merely treating the symptoms. It employs medications that treat the entire person rather than treating individual portions of the body. Patients frequently report increased stamina, happiness, sleep patterns, and metabolism, as well as the removal of additional symptoms that appear to be unrelated to the ailment being treated with homoeopathy.Homeopathy is risk-free. Homeopathic medicines, unlike conventional medications, are non-toxic and have no negative side effects. Homeopathic remedies can frequently be used safely by patients who are unable to utilise conventional prescription pharmaceuticals owing to negative effects. Homeopathic medications are made from trace quantities of plants, minerals, and animal components. National medication authorities ensure their quality and safety in accordance with European Union legislation and European Pharmacopoeia regulations. They are safe for pregnant women, babies, and toddlers without regard to dose.Homeopathic medications are substantially less expensive than traditional prescription pharmaceuticals since they are made from low-cost generic, non-patented, and non-patentable medicinal ingredients. In acute diseases, homoeopathic treatments cost less than €1 per day on average, while chronic ailments cost a few cents per day (often a fraction of a penny).A lengthier consultation period is necessary because homoeopathic practitioners need to acquire a considerable quantity of information from their patients. This implies that consultations are more costly than regular GP appointments. As a result, the overall expenses of homoeopathic treatment may be equivalent to those of conventional treatment.Homeopathic treatments attempt to improve health by boosting the self-regulatory system. Improving one's health entails lowering disease processes as well as one's vulnerability to illness and disease. That is, it is not confined to specific diseases but is broadly relevant to all ailments. It is frequently employed as a first alternative in some medical disorders, with more expensive and potentially harmful therapy remaining as a second option. Furthermore, it can provide therapeutic choices where traditional therapies have failed or do not exist for the condition, or if they are contraindicated or not tolerated. In many cases, homoeopathy should be used as a first-line treatment rather than as a last option.Conditions Usually Treated with HomeopathyHomeopathy is used but is not limited to treating the below-listed conditions, which are –Chronic fatigue syndrome.Allergies.Migraines.Premenstrual syndrome.Colds.Coughs.Toothaches.Bruises.Rheumatoid arthritis.Irritable bowel syndrome.Scrapes.Also, to better understand the individual condition and the symptoms, the homeopath doctor may ask the below-listed questions.What kind of symptoms are you experiencing?Where are the symptoms situated?How long have the symptoms been present?When did you start to notice your symptoms?Did you find any other related symptoms along with these?These are the most common questions that the homeopath doctor asks and are the best to identify one's symptoms and characteristics to continue treating.A homoeopath would analyse all of the individual's symptoms (physical, mental, or emotional) and identify the remedy capable of causing symptoms most 'like' the symptoms the person is experiencing from in a healthy person. Homeopathic remedies can be in liquid, granules, powder, or tablet form. As part of a treatment plan, your practitioner may also recommend general lifestyle and nutritional adjustments.According to homoeopaths, symptoms may briefly worsen before they improve. This 'stress and frustration' of symptoms can be treated with homoeopathy. However, if you have any reactions, you should notify your homoeopath and your doctor. If required, your homoeopath may send you to a doctor or another healthcare practitioner.Must You Give Homoeopathy A Try?About 6 million Americans used homeopathy in the previous years, according to the National Institutes of Health's Health Interview Survey. Also, most individuals in this survey agreed that they chose this therapy and its related products on their own.Many forms of homeopathic medicine include tablets, gels, liquid drops, lotions, and sugar pellets. They can be purchased offline or from online stores.Although most homeopathic medications are probably safe, there isn't strong proof that homeopathy is helpful for any medical disease. Most importantly, homeopathy should never be used as the replacement of vaccinations, despite any marketing, for standard immunization.It would be suggested that you should consult a doctor before beginning any supplementation if you're thinking about it. Homeopathy shouldn't replace traditional medicine, so if you have a medical issue, immediately schedule an appointment with a homeopath.Homeopathic medicine 78 ViewsBonus BettingUp N Go Energy AmazonGovinda Naam Mera Movie (2022) ‘God Doesn’t Want Us to Hate,’ Emanuel Survivor Shares Why She Chose to Forgive (Interview)by Brooke Girley | 11:55 am, June 17th, 2019June 17, 2015, was the night that forever changed Jennifer Pinckney’s life.While she and her then six-year-old daughter Malana waited in the office of Emanuel AME in Charleston as her husband Sen. Clemneta Pinckney concluded bible study, a white nationalist opened fire in the church.Pinckney and her daughter survived by hiding underneath the desk in the office and keeping silent. Sadly, her husband and eight others were not as fortunate.“There’s not one day that goes by that I don’t think about Clementa,” Pinckney shared in an interview with Ambo TV. “He was the man of my dreams. He’s my soulmate. And to have him just taken away like that, you know, it hurts.”Pinckney, who was interviewed alongside Producer, Pastor Dimas Salaberrios, discussed the new documentary Emanuel, which tells the stories of the survivors and victims of that tragic night.For survivors like Pinckney, their stories include dealing with the full impact of what was lost that night. Now, a single mother of two girls, Eliana, 15 and Malana 10, she often ponders the void left in her daughters’ lives by their father’s absence.“Clementa was a very hands-on father,” she shared. “I think about the girls; what they are missing out on…They’re going to miss out on the father-daughter dances. They’re going to miss out on daddy walking them down the aisle.”Despite her hurt, Pinckney insists that her “faith is stronger, even more so than before.”Instead of living in hate, she has chosen to forgive her husband’s killer. She attributes this largely to her faith in God, as well as her desire to demonstrate for her daughters the message of love taught by their father.“Clementa was a man of God. Our family, we strongly believe in God,” she stated. “When you think about his teachings and his preachings…He was about helping and loving. We never taught our children to hate. And so, for me to sit there and look at Eliana and Malana and to continue to hate, but yet to tell them you’re not supposed to hate; God doesn’t want us to hate. How can I rightfully do that?”Emanuel, which is executive produced by Steph Curry and Viola Davis, is ultimately a powerful story of forgiveness.With a limited release, it will be in theaters only on June 17 and 19; two dates chosen because of their significance.“June 17 is when the shooting happened,” Salaberrios explained. “And June 19th is when the holy spirit showed up in court, and the families forgave and pleaded for the soul of the killer.”Check your local listings to find locations and times.To watch the entire interview with Pinckney and Salaberrios click on the link below. Yoruba RichenYoruba Richen is an award-winning documentary filmmaker whose latest film, The Rebellious Life of Mrs. Rosa Parks premiered at Tribeca Film Festival and will stream on Peacock. Other recent films include the Emmy-nominated, How It Feels to Be Free and the Emmy and Peabody nominated The Sit In: Harry Belafonte Hosts the Tonight Show. Her film, The Killing of Breonna Taylor aired on FX/Hulu and won an NAACP Image Award. Yoruba is also a past Guggenheim and Fulbright fellow and is the founding director of the Documentary Program at the Newmark Graduate School of Journalism at CUNY. A1FBiden deploying US troops to Somalia for long-term presenceU.S. Army soldiers during a security patrol in Somalia, on Dec. 3, 2019. (U.S. Air Force photo by Tech. Sgt. Nick Kibbey)May 16, 2022 Laura WidenerPresident Joe Biden will deploy up to 500 U.S. troops over a period of time to Somalia to once again establish a “persistent presence” in the country, essentially reversing a withdrawal ordered by former President Donald Trump in January 2021.On a background call attended by American Military News on Monday, a senior administration official confirmed Biden had approved a request made by the Department of Defense to reposition U.S. forces in East Africa to counter increasing terrorist activity – including against U.S. forces – by Al-Shabaab, a top branch of Al Qaeda.“Fewer than 500” U.S. troops already stationed in neighboring countries will be moved into Somalia over time as conditions allow for intelligent and secure implementation, the senior administration official said, adding that the scope of the counterterrorism mission will remain unchanged.Secretary of Defense Lloyd Austin had proposed that the U.S. reestablish a persistent presence in Somalia as a result of its growth and “increased tempo of attacks, including against U.S. personnel” over the past year since 750 U.S. troops were withdrawn to a rotational presence.The rotational presence has “created a very real force protection risk” with efficiency challenges, including time wasted on transferring equipment instead of addressing terrorist threats, the senior administration official said.The senior administration official said Al-Shabaab is now a notable priority for the U.S. counterterrorism mission and has now grown to be Al Qaeda’s “largest and wealthiest global affiliate.” The terror group has demonstrated its “ability and intent to target Americans in the region,” the official added.Though the official would not say what branch of special operators will comprise the Somalia presence, the official did say the operators were those experienced in building up partner capacity, assisting in training, turning intelligence into operations, and helping in operations to dislodge terrorists from claimed territory.Pentagon Press Secretary John Kirby told reporters during a Monday press briefing that the permanent presence is the best option to counter the persistent threat from Al-Shabaab because it eliminates the training disruption and time expended on “constant coming and going.”Kirby emphasized the move was “not a deployment with an end date,” instead calling it simply a “change of posture.”“It will allow us to do a better, more consistent job,” Kirby added. Category RibsOctober 2, 2013 Posted in Charcoal, Coleman, Grill, Kenmore, Pork, Ribs No commentsThis article is an account of a friend and aspiring Grill Master’s first attempt at preparing ribs on a grill. Sam has recently decided to take on something a little more challenging to grill than burgers and hotdogs. Really, it shouldn’t be a surprise to those that know him. Sam has taken on many challenging things in life. He is a husband, a father, an M.D., a marathon runner, a Dirty Kanza 200 rider, and so much more. We look forward to hearing about more of Sam’s grilling adventures.So I like to cook. Specifically, I love grilling. Most of my grill experiences center on the usual fare of burgers, brat’s, and ‘dogs. I’m particular about how my food is cooked. I don’t like it burnt or charred.I have my old Kenmore Master Flame, 2-burner grill, that has seen better days... "Living high off the hog," Hyattsville/Riverdale Gazette1999 September 9Collection RightsThe Chitlin Market and Company records are the physical property of the Anacostia Community Museum. Literary and copyright belong to the author/creator or their legal heirs and assigns. For further information, and to obtain permission to publish or reproduce, contact the Museum Archives.Collection CitationChitlin Market and Company records, Anacostia Community Museum Archives, Smithsonian Institution, gift of Shauna R. Anderson.Chitlin Market and Company recordsThe Chitlin Market and Company was founded in 1995 in Hyattsville, Maryland, by Shauna Renee Anderson. The collection is arranged into five series: Series 1: Career, Series 2: Publicity and Marketing, Series 3: Photographs, Series 4: Audiovisual, and Series 5: Publications. Series 1: Career consists of correspondence and business documents related to the founding and operations of Chitlin Market and Co. and Anderson's other business ventures. Series 2: Publicity and Marketing contains clippings, publications, writing, and promotional and packaging materials. Series 3: Photographs consists of 24 images of Anderson's family, business, and customers. Notable in this series is a signed photograph of singer Diana Ross. Series 4: Audiovisual consists of nine VHS and two cassette tape recordings of media coverage of Anderson's business endeavors. Series 5: Publications consists of three books, two inscribed to Anderson and one a memoir written by Anderson herself.Shauna R. Anderson is a statistician, restaurateur, author, film producer, historian, and businesswoman. She was born in the Shaw area, Northwest Washington, DC, in 1954 to Geneva Anderson and Walter Chris Holmes. Her parents were entertainers, and her mother sang professionally under the name Jean Anderson on the Chitlin' Circuit, a network of performance venues in the eastern and southern US where African Americans could safely perform during segregation. Anderson was raised by her maternal grandmother Virginia Lee Battle, who taught her how to prepare chitlins. Anderson had a successful accounting business when she decided to revive the demand for chitlins in the early 90's. She saw a market for high-quality cleaned pork chitterlings, and knew that making them available would offset the loss of a longstanding African American culinary tradition. She founded Chitlin Market and Co., selling chitlins online across the country and from a storefront in Hyattsville, Maryland. Anderson lives in Hyattsville, Maryland, with her daughter Jonvieve, where she still operates her Chitlin Market and Company as a mail-order-only business.circa 1974–20061.16 Linear feet (2 boxes)The Chitlin Market and Company records were donated to the Anacostia Community Museum in 2006 by Shauna R. Anderson.African American cookeryAfrican American cooksAfrican American businesspeopleAfrican American business enterprisesHyattsville, (Md.)ACMA.06-019 We Were the MulvaneysDrama, Mystery, Woman Drama, Authors & Adaptations • 2002The casualties of love, honor, and family become a young man’s private history in this powerful adaptation of Joyce Carol Oates’s bestselling novel.Drama, Mystery, Woman Drama, Authors & AdaptationsBlythe DannerTammy BlanchardThomas GuiryMark FamigliettiShawn RobertsDirected and produced by Oscar winner and Emmy nominee Peter Werner (Ruby's Bucket of Blood), co-adapted by Joyce Eliason (The Titanic), and based on the original, beloved Joyce Carol Oates novel, We Were the Mulvaneys is a brave, cautionary, and inspiring production. Tag Archives: favoriteCat Food: When Her Favourite Is No Longer Her FavouriteWhen it comes to Ivy the Wonder Cat, mealtime is usually pretty straightforward. She has four or five types of good quality wet food on rotation, she has a bowl of her favourite dry food, she has three kinds of treats in the cupboard, she has an exercise/feeder ball in the play room and she has plenty of fresh water to wash it all down and to stay hydrated.Most times, she has a pretty healthy appetite and her bowls of wet food are gone in three or four visits. Sometimes, my social eater might gobble them down in two visits.And based on the way Ivy operates, mealtime seems to confirm what I have heard and read about cats liking structure and aren’t fans of change.She likes her meals served at the same time each day, and you can set your clock by Ivy. My extroverted kitty has no problem waking me up from a deep sleep that encroaches on her meal time.Similarly, she doesn’t like me to diverge too often from a small rotation current favourites as it seems to disrupt the routine, resulting in uneaten portions. That being the case, when I am at the pet store, there is really no guesswork involved. I know what her favourites are and I just have to keep buying them, which certainly makes life easy for me.That is, until the dreaded day one of her favourites is no longer her favourite. Continue reading →Filed under Cats, HumourTagged as behaviour, care, case, cat, Cats, change, changing, eater, favorite, favourite, feeding, finicky, food, funny, humor, humour, meal, mealtime, Murphy's Law, pet, pets, picky, price, return, wetOctober 28, 2018 · 12:47 pmRekindling My Love for Classic NovelsThis past summer, I was completely captivated by the PBS television program, “The Great American Read”.The PBS Web Site describes the show as: “THE GREAT AMERICAN READ was an eight-part series that explored and celebrated the power of reading, told through the prism of America’s 100 best-loved novels (as chosen in a national survey). It investigated how and why writers create their fictional worlds, how we as readers are affected by these stories, and what these 100 different books have to say about our diverse nation and our shared human experience.”I am certain I am not the only reader who scanned each title on the list (…a few times!) to see how many I have read over the years.I was most delighted at discovering that two of the titles on the list were part of my high school experience: “1984” by George Orwell (which I absolutely loved, especially since I read it in 1983) and “Rebecca” by Daphne du Maurier.There were a few others that I had read later in life for the fun of it, like “The Notebook” by Nicholas Sparks and “The Catcher in the Rye” by J.D. Salinger.And there were many stories for which I hadn’t read the books but I knew well from the cinematic versions, such as “To Kill a Mocking Bird”, “Gone With the Wind”, “The Help”, “The Great Gatsby”, and “The Color Purple”, to name a few.I really enjoyed the PBS program because in each episode, teachers, authors and celebrities would speak about the books, offering their opinions as to what they enjoyed, what they got out of it and what resonated with them. Continue reading →Filed under 50+, books, pop cultureTagged as author, best, book study, books, classic, classics, favorite, favourites, Great American Read, love, movies, novel, novels, passion, PBS, read, reading, required, school, study, teacherWhen a Favourite Product is DiscontinuedBack in the 1980’s, when I used to work in retail, there was a customer who used to come in to the pharmacy regularly who was well known among team members. She was a little eccentric and she had what you might call a unique sense of fashion, but she was still very sweet and we were always happy to help her.But we really got to know what she was made of when her world came crashing down at the news that her favourite shade of lipstick was discontinued.As I understand it, she had her colours done back in the day and was told that this particular shade of orangey-red lipstick was the perfect shade for her. She obviously took this very much to heart as it seemed that every subsequent visit was punctuated by a question about her non-negotiable shade of lipstick.I don’t think we ever knew her name, but through her relentless search, she became known to us as the “Orange Lipstick Lady.”At first, she bought up all the remaining lipsticks in that shade. Then in the months that followed, she asked our head cosmetician to order some for her until the distributor couldn’t supply us with any more.When she had tapped out our supply chain, she still came in at regular intervals to check EVERY lipstick on our shelves to make sure that there wasn’t one that was missed.I’ll never forget that lady. And I often think I have turned into her when a company discontinues my favourite product… which seems to be happening regularly lately. Continue reading →Filed under 50+, Humour, Misc blogsTagged as autumn, change, change management, colours, company, cosmetics, discontinue, discontinued, fall, favorite, favourite, frustration, item, lipstick, make-up, orange, product, products, progress, retail, scarce, scarcity, seasons, shopping, solution, spring, summer, Transition, winterMarch 11, 2018 · 12:07 pmWhere Have All the TV Theme Songs Gone?This season, the American television network “The CW” launched a reboot of the favourite 1980’s prime time soap “Dynasty”. In watching the very first episode, I was delighted to see several nods to its original series, including having kept its great orchestral theme song. The only thing was that it was a much shorter version of it.Similarly, Netflix has recently rebooted “Queer Eye for the Straight Guy.” Again, a really unique theme song, but chopped down to just a few bars of its original.Have you noticed how the opening themes for many American TV shows have gotten shorter and shorter over the years? Now, some shows don’t even have them at all.If I mentioned the names of program like “All in the Family“, “Golden Girls”, “Three’s Company”, “The Brady Bunch” or “Gilligan’s Island”, even if you weren’t a huge fan, I’m sure many of you would be able to recite a few words if not the whole theme song.These theme songs became deeply entrenched in our pop culture, and some have become synonymous with the decades when the shows originally aired. In doing so, they also became entrenched in our hearts and minds.As young kids, we couldn’t play “Batman” without singing few rounds of the famous “Na na na na na na na…” theme.What would have become of “The Mary Tyler Moore Show” with a theme song about a messy breakup instead of the inspiring words about making it after all? Continue reading →Filed under 50+, music, pop culture, TVTagged as brand, branding, catchy, change, childhood memories, ear worm, evolution, favorite, favourite, fond, habits, history, icon, iconic, jingles, memorabilia, memorable, memories, music, name that tune, Netflix, networks, pop culture, popularity, programs, songs, technology, television, theme, theme music, theme songs, TV, viewingFine Tuning the TV HabitWhen I wrote the blog post “Deleting without Watching – The Madness and the Guilt” a little over a year ago, little did I know that I was on the cusp of a serious change when it came to my TV habits.In that blog post, I shared the guilt I felt in deleting programs my PVR had recorded but that I did not even watch. Scandalous… I know!But in doing so, I was (sort of) following traditional rules of de-cluttering: if it’s been sitting there for a certain length of time and I haven’t watched it, will I ever get back to it? When I was really honest with myself, the answer was pretty clear.When the new shows rolled out in the fall months of 2016, I gave several programs a chance, but I was getting a little more ruthless in my programming choices. I set a boundary: if after 2-3 episodes I wasn’t really loving the show, why was I still watching? Sadly, only a few survived and remain on my list today. Funny enough, “Designated Survivor” is one of them. (Is art imitating my TV life?)I hate to admit that using that same rationale, even some shows I enjoyed in recent years have dropped off my must-see list. What happened to the kid who used to push up the national average for TV watching?You could say that without really thinking about it, I wasn’t watching TV out of habit anymore, I was watching TV with more of a purpose.Once the bar was raised, the available space on my PVR started increasing… and increasing. And in doing so, not only had I freed up space on my PVR, but time was freeing up in my life as well for things that mattered more. It was a seismic shift. Continue reading →Filed under 50+, Humour, pop culture, TVTagged as balance, Bewitched, binge watching, channel surfing, choices, comfort, comforting, cutting the cord, Dallas, decluttering, Downton Abbey, DVD, favorite, favourite, free time, game shows, Golden Girls, habit, Match Game, news, priorities, prioritize, priority, PVR, season, shows, television, The Nanny, The Price Is Right, time, TV, Will and Grace Home Products Steamer Natchez, Mississippi River, French Quarter, New Orleans, Black and White PhotographSteamer Natchez, Mississippi River, French Quarter, New Orleans, Black and White PhotographA Lovely long Lens composition of The Steamboat Natchez paddling down the Mighty Mississippi River in New Orleans, Louisiana. Captured with 35MM Ilford Black and White Film and reproduced in Limited Editions.Title: Steamer Natchez, New Orleans - LouisianaAndy Recommends: 20"x30" Premium Framed PrintCollections: New Orleans, Louisiana - Black and White Photography by Andy MoineArt Deco Architecture, New Orleans Lakefront Airport, Black and White Photograph from $40.00Art Deco Architecture, New Orleans Lakefront Airport, Black and White PhotographLate afternoon sunlight illuminates the beautifully restored Art Deco terminal of New Orleans Lakefront Airport on the banks of Lake Pontchartrain in New Orleans, Louisiana....Burgundy Street, The French Quarter, New Orleans Louisiana, Black & White Photo from $40.00Burgundy Street, The French Quarter, New Orleans Louisiana, Black & White PhotoA series of carriage house style doorways with matching gas lamps lights on Burgundy St in the historic French Quarter of New Orleans, Louisiana. Photographed...Civic Theater Sign, New Orleans Louisiana Black & White Picture, Vintage Sign from $40.00Civic Theater Sign, New Orleans Louisiana Black & White Picture, Vintage SignAn enchanting composition of the beautifully restored vintage Civic Theater Sign in the central business district of New Orleans, Louisiana. Photographed by Andy Moine with... Pope on migration: Peace isn't possible unless we go beyond polemicsPope Francis greets a migrant at a welcoming hub near CesenaWhen it comes to migration, Pope Francis said the world, particularly Christians, must approach the issue with a “contemplative gaze” that goes beyond polemics and is guided by justice and solidarity, helping to build peace at both the global and local level.Quoting St. John Paul II's message for the World Day of Peace in 2000, the Pope said, “we all belong to one family, migrants and the local populations that welcome them, and all have the same right to enjoy the goods of the earth whose destination is universal, as the social doctrine of the Church teaches.”He referred to the biblical prophecies of Isaiah and the Apocalypse, which describe the “new Jerusalem” as a city whose gates are open to people from all nationalities. And in this city, “peace is the sovereign that guides it and justice the principle that governs coexistence within it.”Christians must also have this “contemplative gaze,” he said, noting that when we look at migrants and refugees, we see that “they do not arrive empty-handed.” Rather, they bring with them their courage, skills, energy and aspirations, as well as the gift of their own culture, which enriches the lives of the nations that receive them.Francis also pointed to the “creativity, tenacity and spirit of sacrifice” displayed by the many people, families and communities around who “open their doors and hearts to migrants and refugees, even where resources are scarce.”A contemplative gaze on migration, he said, will also help guide global leaders in their discernment on the issue, and will encourage them to pursue policies of welcome “within the limits allowed by a correct understanding of the common good,” while at the same time keeping in mind the needs of both the whole of humanity and the good of the individual.“Those who see things in this way will be able to recognize the seeds of peace that are already sprouting and nurture their growth,” the Pope said.And with this gaze, “our cities, often divided and polarized by conflicts regarding the presence of migrants and refugees, will thus turn into workshops of peace.”Pope Francis' reflection was part of his message for the 2018 World Day of Peace, which this year is titled “Migrants and Refugees: men and women in search of peace.” Signed on the Nov. 13 feast of St. Frances Xavier Cabrini, the message was published Nov. 24.Instituted by Bl. Pope Paul VI in 1968, the World Day of Peace is celebrated each year on the first day of January. The Pope gives a special message for the occasion, which is sent to all foreign ministers around the world, and which also indicates the Holy See’s diplomatic tone during the coming year.So far Pope Francis’ messages have focused on themes close to his heart, such as fraternity, an end to slavery, including forced labor and human trafficking and nonviolence as a political strategy.His messages for the event have consistently included bold pastoral and political advice for both ecclesial and international leaders, including his push for the abolition of the death penalty and amnesty for prisoners convicted of political offenses.This year's message focuses largely on the four-point “action plan” the Holy See has developed for the migration issue and which Pope Francis and his diplomatic representatives have spoken of often, particularly at the level of the U.N. This plan consists of four verbs: to welcome, protect, promote and integrate.These are the four “milestones” for action, Francis said, explaining in his message that to welcome means above all broadening access to legal pathways for entry into host countries. Doing this, he said, will no longer push migrants and displaced people “towards countries where they face persecution and violence.”It will also help in terms of “balancing our concerns about national security with concern for fundamental human rights.”When it comes to protecting migrants and refugees, this imperative reminds us of the need to both recognize and defend “the inviolable dignity” of those who flee from precarious situations in search of safety and security, in order to prevent their exploitation.On this point, the Pope turned specifically to women and children, who are often exposed to risks and abuses “that can even amount to enslavement.”To promote migrants and refugees, he said, implies promoting an integral human development of migrants and refugees, particularly where education for children and young adults is concerned.Integrating, then, means allowing refugees and migrants “to participate fully in the life of the society that welcomes them, as part of a process of mutual enrichment and fruitful cooperation in service of the integral human development of the local community.”With more than 250 million migrants around the world, 22.5 million of whom are refugees, opening our hearts is not enough, Francis said, but action is needed.The 20th century was marked by wars, conflicts, genocides and 'ethnic cleansings,' he said, noting that this has not changed, but now other factors are contributing to the migration issue, such as an increase in the number of families seeking a better future with more professional and educational opportunities.Referring to his 2015 encyclical Laudato Si, the Pope noted that there is also a rise in the number of migrants fleeing growing poverty in their homeland caused by environmental degradation.Most people migrate through regular channels, but some take more dangerous routes out of desperation when their own countries “offer neither safety nor opportunity, and every legal pathway appears impractical, blocked or too slow,” he said.In many destination countries there has been a rise in rhetoric “decrying the risks posed to national security or the high cost of welcoming new arrivals.” And this rhetoric, he said, “demeans the human dignity due to all as sons and daughters of God.”“Those who, for what may be political reasons, foment fear of migrants instead of building peace are sowing violence, racial discrimination and xenophobia, which are matters of great concern for all those concerned for the safety of every human being,” he said.The numbers indicate that migrants will continue to play a major part in the international community in the future, Francis said. And while some consider this a threat, he invited the world “to view it with confidence as an opportunity to build peace.”Pope Francis then turned to the proposal for the 2018 U.N. global compacts on migration and refugees, which he said will provide a framework for policy proposals and practical steps to be taken.These compacts “need to be inspired by compassion, foresight and courage, so as to take advantage of every opportunity to advance the peace-building process,” he said. Only by doing this can international politics avoid “surrendering to cynicism and to the globalization of indifference.”He stressed the need for greater dialogue and coordination within the international community, saying that beyond national borders, “higher numbers of refugees may be welcomed — or better welcomed — also by less wealthy countries, if international cooperation guarantees them the necessary funding.”Quoting St. John Paul II's 2004 message for the World Day of Migrants and Refugees, Francis said “if the dream of a peaceful world is shared by all, if the refugees’ and migrants’ contribution is properly evaluated, then humanity can become more and more of a universal family and our earth a true common home.”Throughout history many people have believed in this dream, he said, including St. Frances Xavier Cabrini, a missionary who spent her life working with Italian immigrants in the United States.“This remarkable woman, who devoted her life to the service of migrants and became their patron saint, taught us to welcome, protect, promote and integrate our brothers and sisters,” the Pope said.He closed his message praying that through her intercession, the Lord would “enable all of us to experience that a harvest of righteousness is sown in peace by those who make peace.”Pope warns that synod could be 'elitist' exercise unless all have a voice by Cindy Wooden October 9, 2021Making the poor a priority isn't political, it's the Gospel, pope says by Carol Glatz August 19, 2020World free of nuclear weapons is necessary, possible, pope says by Cindy Wooden June 21, 2022 Life & Family News WorldSurge in Vancouver drug deaths prompts Catholic responseCredit: Syda Productions via Shutterstock.Vancouver, Canada, Feb 20, 2017 / 04:29 pm (Aid to the Church in Need).- After hundreds of lethal drug overdoses in British Columbia in the last year, the Archbishop of Vancouver has said Catholics must act to help those addicted to opioids and other drugs.The “scourge” of drug overdoses is a chance for Catholics “to see the face of Jesus in those who suffer and are tragically claimed by lethal drug overdoses,” Archbishop J. Michael Miller of Vancouver said in a Feb. 16 letter to the faithful of his archdiocese.The archbishop invited the Catholic Church in Vancouver to reach out to suffering men, women and young people. He said the Church must imitate Jesus’ words from the Gospel of Matthew: “Whatever you do to the least of my brothers and sisters, you do unto me.”“In 2017 Vancouver, Jesus would also identify himself with those afflicted by mental illness and addiction,” he said. “As His disciples, we are called to do likewise.”Over 900 people in British Columbia died from lethal drug overdoses, especially from fentanyl and other opioids. The number of deaths is more than double that from homicides and traffic accidents combined. “This health emergency is widespread, cutting across every segment of society, devastating families and communities. It is claiming the lives of people on the street and those struggling with mental illness and trauma. It is killing our youth, students, workers, and elderly,” Archbishop Miller said. “Sadly, many of those of those who survive suffer brain damage and from other long-term consequences.”Catholic hospitals are particularly affected. St. Paul’s Hospital in Vancouver alone treated 42 overdoses between Christmas and New Year’s Day. The archbishop acknowledged the impact treating these cases have on medical center staff and personnel. “The toll is especially brutal on first responders who find themselves physically and mentally exhausted by their exceptionally difficult job,” he said.Archbishop Miller cited three contributions to the spike in drug abuse: the over-prescription of opioids, social isolation and mental illness. North American prescription rates for opioids are six times higher than in Europe. “Once addicted, a lifelong struggle to break the habit begins,” the archbishop said, calling for better ways to counter disproportionate use of opioids and better treatment for acute and chronic pain. Over half of those who seek help from drug addiction suffer from mental disorders, while at least 20 percent of Canadians have some form of mental illness.“People who suffer from mental illness need our help, our friendship, our outreach, our resources and our prayer,” said Archbishop Miller, adding that people have little control over diseases like substance dependence and addiction.The archbishop cited Pope Francis’ words against treating drug addicts like “mere objects or broken machines.” Rather, they must be “valued and appreciated in his or her dignity in order to enable them to be healed” to help them avoid becoming victims of a “throwaway culture.”“Imitating Christ the Healer, the Church is obliged to bring His compassion to everyone in pain, whether physical, emotional or spiritual,” Archbishop Miller said. He suggested Catholics should invite those struggling with mental illness and addiction to be “fully integrated” into parish and school communities. “Ask yourselves: do you include them and make them feel welcome, or do you shun them?” he asked. “Are you open to residential housing or community health centers in your own neighborhood?”The archbishop noted the link between substance addiction and suicide in young people. He stressed the need for better psychiatric and psychological support for high-risk and vulnerable age groups. “Let us continue to reach beyond our pews and parish organizations, recognizing the face of Christ in the marginalized, the lonely, the homeless, the imprisoned, the mentally ill, and the addicted,” he said.Those who are socially isolated are more likely to engage in substance abuse, which furthers their isolation. “More Canadians now live alone than at any other time in history,” the archbishop said, blaming excessive individualism, a culture of instant gratification, as well as poverty, economic uncertainty and family disintegration.“Drug use and abuse appeal to those seeking to escape suffering, loneliness and isolation,” he said, noting that communities that are welcoming and close-knit tend to suffer lower levels of substance abuse and other social problems.To respond to drug addiction and abuse, the archbishop recommended advocacy for action from elected officials and bodies that regulate opioids, efforts to improve prescription practices and pain management, better education in schools, financial support for organizations that can respond to the problem, and parish support services for recovery methods like 12-step programs.Vancouver archbishop donates to coronavirus vaccine research by Jonah McKeown April 28, 2020Vancouver archbishop promises 'tangible actions' after Indigenous graves discovered at Church-run… by Catholic News Agency June 3, 2021Several LA Catholic schools keeping classrooms open amid virus surge by Pablo Kay November 25, 2020 Is equality of opportunity ever achievable without tighter regulations on targeted marketing? – Is there more we can do to protect the vulnerable?Is equality of opportunity ever achievable without tighter regulations on targeted marketing?– Is there more we can do to protect the vulnerable?Nicola HughesNicola is a Theology graduate from the University of Manchester with an MSc in Business.She is currently working as a programme manager for a large tech firm and is a volunteer for Care4CalaisFor every student studying business since 1980 Kotler and Armstrong’s Principles of Marketing has been a necessary purchase – Marketing as an industry is constantly changing and in an unsurprisingly business savvy way K&A regularly updated the ‘’Marketing Bible” so students couldn’t borrow outdated copies from the library. I didn’t have the same problem while studying Theology.Despite the extravagant purchase of this hallowed book, in 2010 it was, more often than not, used by students to prop the window open while they smoked out of their shared flats. These days I imagine students use the book to prop up their LED Ring Light to create their best Instagram post. Ignoring the increasingly inventive ways that students get their money’s worth from the book instead of reading it, the content has drastically changed in just ten years. In 2010 the Principles of Marketing had just three pages dedicated to digital marketing technologies. Online marketing had only 18 pages, mostly focused on SPAM emails and Amazon was mentioned just twice in the whole book, referred only to as an ‘advertiser’.Things have changed; the 2020 edition is advertised, on Amazon, as being ‘packed with stories illustrating how companies use new digital technologies to maximize customer engagement and shape brand conversations, experiences and communities.’ Data centric, digitally driven companies have propelled us into a new era where being a known brand is not enough. Companies have had to evolve the way they market, position and produce products to retain market share. But more than this, these changes have also impacted the way consumers relate to businesses, driving drastic changes in the way businesses in turn communicate and interact with customers.Back in 2010, in what could now be seen as the ‘advent’ of digital marketing and studying business for the first time, I was fascinated to learn about the potential for companies to use data that was already being gathered, better to target consumers. However, as a newly graduated Theologian I instinctively wanted to explore the potential shortcomings of such data driven, customer centric campaigns. Surely, the advancements in targeted marketing, although seemingly beneficial to the consumer, could unwittingly discriminate against consumers who didn’t fit the ‘targeted demographic’.It being in my nature to challenge what I view as unfair practices I regularly stated that any application of targeted marketing should be scrutinised by an ethics committee. This would help to avoid it unscrupulous means, influencing both individual and public opinion, maybe even swinging elections. Knowing full well I was suggesting we were heading for a dystopian Orwellian future, I never actually expected to see these concepts realized, certainly not within my lifetime.The Advertising Standards Authority (ASA) has latterly responded to increased targeted and affiliate marketing, ensuring better regulation of social media advertising, especially that aimed at young people. Social media platforms have been quick to implement technology that appears to flag extremist content or ‘fake news’ especially since the onset of the recent Covid pandemic. Any social media post that mentions certain key words such as ‘pandemic’ ‘COVID’ or ‘vaccine’ as well as other variations on the theme are automatically accompanied with links to ‘genuine scientific’ information from legitimate government authorities and healthcare providers. The ease by which these proactive steps to target specific thought sharing have been implemented, although somewhat frightening, does pose the question of how these same technologies can be used constructively for the greater good.There are of course many companies and organisations helping consumers to be more discerning online. At times they may be effective in promulgating truth and social consciousness. However, it’d be naïve to expect the media agencies of today to favour any activity that doesn’t increase profitability.[1]In addition to campaigning for better regulations to address the negative impacts of some targeted marketing, it should be recognized that such advertising could be used as a force for good – to meet people where they are and support them in their needs.In 2019 the Bishop of St Albans[2] raised a motion in the General Synod of the Church of England that aimed to reduce the ‘quantity and persuasiveness’ of gambling adverts online. Noting that a ‘huge social change’ in the gambling industry over the past 15 years, directly attributed to online advertising, had resulted in 55,000 children in the UK being identified as problem gamblers.The motion was overwhelmingly supported by the Synod and the following was presented to the Government –That this Synod, noting the greatly increased levels of gambling advertising and research showing significant levels of gambling by children:a) call on Her Majesty’s Government to reduce the quantity and pervasiveness of gambling advertising and introduce a mandatory levy on gambling firms to fundindependently commissioned research, education, and treatment programmes;b) encourage churches to be an open place for people who have problems with gambling to seek support; andc) ask churches to support initiatives which educate children and young people about risks related to gambling.“You have to meet people where they are and sometimes you have to leave them there”[3] To this might be added, ‘not where we want them to be’. In the above Synodical example – the research has been done – we know where those who need help are, we know how to meet them in their place.As a further example, without a reasonable understanding of tech and internet cookies, it is difficult for a problem online gambler to use the internet without being met with repeated adverts encouraging them to continue gambling. In this the Church and other organisations should use analytical technology to counteract the negative messages to those who need it.The concept of equal opportunity or even true equity, necessitates that each individual is presented with the information, access and support that they require in order to reach their full potential. However, the contrary lies with the way that personal data is now applied to curate the messages we see, thus there is an increasing lack of equity across demographics.The Church, with its moral duty to prevent the vulnerable from being exploited and to fight for justice and equality of all peoples now has a new opportunity by embracing the technological advances that impact society. The same technology that presents a problem gambler with a new promotion for an online casino can also present that same individual with a message of hope. The old has gone the new is here![1] https://www.bbc.co.uk/news/technology-58784615[2] Alan Gregory Clayton Smith is a British Anglican bishop. Since 2009, he has been the Bishop of St Albans.[3] Iyanla VanzantHughes Nicola2022-11-17T23:59:31+00:00Dreaming of World PeaceThat’s one small, timid step for the Church of England.… but will it snow this Christmas?Dear Heart-broken, Dear Confused: Agony Aunts and Problem Pages as Implicit ReligionDid we die without noticing it? Home » Free! Anime Cast Member Tatsuhisa Suzuki to Continue Voicing Makoto – NewsFree! Anime Cast Member Tatsuhisa Suzuki to Continue Voicing Makoto – NewsThe official website for the Free! anime franchise confirmed on Thursday that cast member Tatsuhisa Suzuki will continue voicing the character Makoto Tachibana. Suzuki is also the vocalist for the unit OLDCODEX , which has contributed several theme songs to the franchise .The franchise ‘s production committee noted that Suzuki’s agency announced on August 4 that he is going on hiatus from entertainment industry activities due to his poor health. The production committee, production staff, and Suzuki’s agency held multiple deliberations on the best options for all the fans and the franchise itself.The production committee added that Makoto Tachibana has been a crucial character to the franchise since its planning stages nine years ago. The committee made its decision after taking into consideration Suzuki’s “nuanced portrayal of this role” and the relationships developed with the other cast and staff members. The committee concluded by asking fans for their continued support.Suzuki and singer LiSA announced their marriage in January 2020. The Weekly Bunshun magazine reported on July 30 on an alleged extramarital affair between Suzuki and a female work associate.The first film for the new two-part anime film project Free! The Final Stroke is slated to open in Japan on September 17, and the second part is slated to open in Japan on April 22, 2022. A teaser trailer’s description teases that the films are the “final chapter” for the franchise . The project’s tagline is, “Let’s go, to the stage of glory.”The franchise ‘s production committee announced on Tuesday that due to the group OLDCODEX ‘s hiatus, the September 15 release of the first film’s theme song has been put on hold. As a result, the planned release of the film’s new full trailer on Thursday at 11:00 p.m. (10:00 a.m. EDT) was also canceled.Eisaku Kawanami is returning from previous installations in the franchise to direct the film at Kyoto Animation .The Free! franchise about the Iwatobi High School Swim Club includes three television anime seasons that aired in 2013, 2014, and 2018. The High Speed! -Free! Starting Days- prequel film opened in 2015. The Free! The Movie -Timeless Medley- the Bond and Free! The Movie -Timeless Medley- the Promise compilation films opened in April 2017 and July 2017, respectively. The Free! -Take Your Marks- omnibus film of short stories then opened in October 2017.The franchise ‘s most recent entry was Free! ~Road to the World~ Yume (Dream), which opened on July 5, 2019, and was a “reconstruction” of the Free! Dive to the Future television anime series, as well as a “bridge” to the new films.Source: Free! The Final Stroke films’ website via NijimenVampire Cosmonaut Anime Tsuki to Laika to Nosferatu's Video Previews Ali Project Song - NewsThe Once and Future Shaman King - This Week in Anime Posted by Anna Jones on December 22, 2014 When it's not just another stormActs 27: When it’s not just another storm (Part 5)by Rev. Tony DysonThere are those times when it’s not just another storm. It’s the kind that isn’t like what we expect; not... Coming of Age with “Internet Addiction”: Institutional Encounters and Subject Formation of Chinese YoungstersSince 2005, “internet addiction” has been treated as a mental disorder in China. Treatment camps for internet addiction are widely established across China to save Chinese youths and their families. Yet, the media depicts the “dark” side of these unauthorized institutions, and discloses the series of physical tortures suffered by the youngsters being sent to these centres.Rao Yichen presenting his research at the Hong Kong Museum of HistoryRao Yichen, an MPhil student of our Department, had delivered an anthropological talk* on the topic “Coming of Age with “Internet Addiction”: Institutional Encounters and Subject Formation of Chinese Youngsters” at the Hong Kong Museum of History last Thursday. He conducted three-month ethnographic fieldwork in a treatment camp to find out whether or not the news were doing justice to these institutions, what kinds of treatments, effective or not, the youngsters had received, and how these camps had informed us about Chinese society.Living room of the youngsters in the treatment campThe camp he conducted fieldwork at employed different therapeutics and set up various units—drillmaster team, psychological group, clinical unit, nursing unit, leisure activity group and parents group—to treat the youngsters. Uniformity and discipline were emphasized in the camp, in which the youngsters had to follow a daily schedule, wear military uniform and receive training. Pleasure control had been viewed as the key, since these youngsters were believed to have problem in impulse control. Yichen highlighted the use of Morita therapy (森田療法) in the camp, which was a Japanese therapy designed for patients with obsessive–compulsive disorder. The therapy commonly took a month. At first, the youngster would be isolated in a single room with no one to talk to, and left to his or her own mind. He or she would be given a pen in the second week to write anything, which could be reflections or creative writings. In this treatment, the soul could either be the prison, or the other way round, the savior of the body.The youngsters and their parents attending psychological lectures togetherYichen noted that the youngsters had invented their local currency—the piece of bread distributed after dinner—in the treatment camp which enabled them to exchange and reciprocate. The “bread system” informed social actions and helped the youngsters to establish relationships, hence contributing to the formation of a community in the camp.The whole treatment required six months for completion. Length of the treatment period was important—the youngsters might attach to the institution if they stayed there too long, or could still be at the stage of conversion if the duration of the treatment was too short.Yichen concluded that the term “internet addiction” was only meaningful in the context. Different societies had their own ways in controlling the “abnormalities”. What shall not be overlooked was the discourse that subjected youngsters to “internet addiction” in the first place.*The talk was jointly presented by The Hong Kong Anthropological Society and the Hong Kong Museum of History. The list of upcoming talks can be found at http://www.cuhk.edu.hk/ant/hkas/. The talks are free of charge and open to the public.Labels: Hong Kong Anthropological Society, seminar, studentQuality content is the key to be a focus for the users to pay a quick visit the website,that's what this web page is providing. The way to get Foreign Girls For Matrimony OnlineByNick Bane Updated on September 5, 2022There are many ways to find foreign women. The Internet is 1 http://45.64.128.200/author/admin/page/25/ of the extremely popular, and there are several websites out there that help you find your perfect match. However , it is not necessarily always simple to choose the best online dating site. Below are a few things you must look into when ever selecting the best option site for you personally.You will discover thousands of dating sites to choose from. When others might be a hoax, you can also get a few which have been worth your time and energy. It is a good option to choose a site that focuses on your specific area of fascination. For example , you may well be interested in finding a mail purchase bride. A variety of specialized sites exist, and search for a ideal site by using a Google search. Additionally , you can use a handful of simple filters to narrow down your search.The world wide web has made finding international women faster and easier than it used to be. Depending on your requirements, you can appearance for you if you from different countries, such as China, the Philippines, Thailand, Vietnam, plus the US. Among the most common reasons why men are attracted to international ladies is that they are considered simple and thoughtful.In the Internet, the easiest method to find international women is to look for a reliable and legitimate seeing website. To achieve this, you can register for a free demo period and test out the services obtainable. Once you have signed up, this can be a good idea to upgrade your account plan. This will allow you to receive a couple of more credit and enjoy one or two extra features.The Internet gives several advantages, mainly because it allows you to find a good woman with the click of a button. As opposed to a real life getting together with, you can chat with a couple of women in a matter of minutes. In addition, you can choose your language of preference and https://wifenow.net possibly send them gifts.Although the Net has been tested to be a successful moderate for finding women of all ages, it is even now not a quick way to look for love. Specifically if you are looking for a long-term marriage, it is important to generate your choice thoroughly. You should also be cautious of sites that have an increased percentage of users from a single nation, as these generally are a scam. Last but not least, you should do your homework before signing up. By examining up on the most famous dating sites, it will be easy to decide which is the best place available for you.Because of this, you will not only have the means to get the most appropriate partners, but you should be able to find the most well liked and quite a few eligible girls in your area. Fortunately, most of these females will be desperate to meet males from in another country. Besides, all their cultural differences will be more unlikely being an issue, in comparison to the standard western counterparts. Whether interested in a mail order bride, a casual fling, or an lustful contact, the world wide web has the back.Best places Meet Korean language SinglesByNick Bane June 15, 2022Read More Best places Meet Korean language SinglesContinueThe key benefits of Jointly Helpful Relationships — Older Men Internet dating sites For In search of Younger WomenByNick Bane August 28, 2022Read More The key benefits of Jointly Helpful Relationships — Older Men Internet dating sites For In search of Younger WomenContinueRead More Methods to Win an european Woman’s CardiovascularContinueThe most wonderful Filipina Female in the WorldRead More The most wonderful Filipina Female in the WorldContinueThe US-China Romantic relationship Beyond AsiaByNick Bane May 21, 2022Read More The US-China Romantic relationship Beyond AsiaContinue Filters: Author is Tiedemann, A. R [Clear All Filters]R. A. Riggs, Tiedemann, A. R., Cook, J. G., Ballard, T. M., J, E. P., Vavra, M., Krueger, W. Clement, Hall, F. C., Bryant, L. D., Irwin, L. L., and Delcurto, T., “Modification of Mixed Conifer Forests by Ruminant Herbivores in the Blue Mountains Ecological Province”, 2000.T. Delcurto, Riggs, R. A., Tiedemann, A. R., Cook, J. G., Ballard, T. M., J, E. P., Vavra, M., Krueger, W. Clement, Hall, F. C., Bryant, L. D., and Irwin, L. L., “Modification of Mixed-Conifer Forests by Ruminant Herbivores in the Blue Mountains Ecological Province”, 2000. Key cryptocurrencies have fallen significantly since the beginning of the year, with bitcoin down 40% and etherium down 53%.The market is only in its infancyThe cryptocurrency market is in its infancy and will grow at an insane pace over the next 7-10 years. The current state of the industry can be compared to the Internet in 2002, when many people already used it, but it hasn’t become fully widespread yet.If you ask your friends if they have any cryptocurrency or if they know how to buy NFT – most of them will look at you as at a person who talks about some incomprehensible things, because there is no mass perception of crypto by the society. The reaction will be totally different if you ask your acquaintances if they have a bank account or if they have Internet. People no longer understand how to live without it; these things are close to them.The starting point for the development of the cryptocurrency industry can be considered 2017. At that time, there was massive interest in etherium, and the first ICOs began to take place. However, we are only in the middle of the introduction of cryptocurrencies. The real mass use of them will start in 2027. And by 2032, crypto will be used by almost everyone.The capitalization of the stock market is now about $70 trillion, while cryptocurrencies are at $1.5 trillion. In the coming years, it is possible that the total value of cryptocurrencies will grow by 70 times.Which coins to invest inThe hardest part is not figuring out the crypto world, but taking the first step and getting into it. That is to buy the first token. When an investor has already bought his first asset, he starts reading articles, learning how the industry is organized, where else he can invest.To invest, one should choose infrastructure projects, on the basis of which the entire industry will be built. Bitcoin is digital gold, it should be held, interest in it will remain. Also, you should hold on to ethereum, which acts as a distributed computer. It has a well-developed ecosystem, with a lot of applications built on it. As the volume of transactions on etherium increases, the price of the coin will go up.Bitcoin and Etherium are the 2 major cryptocurrencies. If you are willing to add risk, you can buy Solana, NEAR, Cosmos, Polkadot. Also pay attention to Filecoin, it is a “long time builder” that is finally starting to develop.How to pick promising projectsThere are many applied cryptocurrencies related to practical projects. For example, you can play games in Sandbox project, it is aimed at the development of the meta universe. Uniswap is created to provide exchange of various cryptocurrencies. Aave is used for lending.If you are interested in such tokens, then to start with go to the project’s website, see what it does, try to use it yourself. If you are interested in what the project offers, you saw the possibility of its practical use for yourself, then it will interest millions of other people. If the project is not clear, then there is no need to invest in it.You should also be aware that investing in such tokens is very risky. When buying them, you should be prepared for significant drawdowns. For example, I like the way Sandbox token develops, how it creates a meta universe. However, at the beginning of the year it was worth almost $6, and now it’s down to $1.35.Why cryptocurrencies are fallingIf investors see impending economic difficulties, they sell high-risk assets and move into low-risk ones. Since cryptocurrencies are considered the riskiest form of investment, we expect to see an exit from them. Therefore, crypto from its current performance could still fall in value.But this is exactly the time when you should not sell shares and crypto-assets, but instead look for undervalued ones that have further growth prospects.Investments in cryptocurrency should be perceived as long-term, with a horizon of at least 3-5 years. Then situational fluctuations can be disregarded.Is it worth to buy Luna nowFor some reason people often buy assets that aren’t very good. That was the case with Dogecoin, Shiba Inu. Now many people are interested in Luna, the value of which has fallen almost to zero.It is not clear whether the authors of the project will try to reanimate it at all, because this will require investing several billion dollars. And here the question arises why do it, if you can run a new and more interesting project. Therefore, it is better for investors to look for something alive, which will develop, than dead, trying to resurrect.Read also: Luna Crypto Crash: What Happened To Terra Luna?Avalanche is a great project that is currently ranked #10 in the top cryptocurrencies. Many are talking about its further growth and a huge jump in price. Maybe we won’t see such huge price increases anymore, but we can be sure about the exact further growth of the coin. It will have to reach the level of Solana and Luna in the near future according to many analysts.The community is very optimistic about this coin now.Right now, the price of the coin is on the lower support level, which is a bullish signal.Highstreet is a new coin on the cryptocurrency market, which showed good growth after listing on Binance.However, the token is now in a deep correction. Many people are already buying the coin, speaking well about the project, saying that it might be the last chance to buy the coin at such a price. Moreover, the project also specializes in the Metaworld and crypto games, which gives it even more chances and opportunities for growth.Coin is on the 514th place in the top and capitalization is only $50 million. There is still room to grow and grow.Uniswap is the 24th cryptocurrency in the top, standing next to such projects as Ethereum Classic, Stellar, Tron, Chainlink and Litecoin.The coin is very interesting, at least in terms of technical analysis. The global chart shows a downward channel with bullish potential for reversal. With the overall growth of the crypto market, it is possible to get good X’s from this project.Elrond is in 39th place with a $3.5 billion market capitalization. A very large and active community. It showed good growth at the end of last year and is now in a correction. Meanwhile, it stands out as an extremely undervalued project.In terms of technical analysis, the cryptocurrency is also at an excellent price to buy and can break out of the corridor with bullish growth upwards.Cosmos – 22nd place and $7 billion. You can’t see any pronounced technical analysis figures on the global chart, but the coin is also in correction after falling almost 2 times from its peak.Acts as a platform for launching cryptocurrency projects. The coin also uses the Proof of Stake protocol. This means that the coin does not have mining, but only staking. Now this protocol is extremely popular, as it is believed to help save the environment.Bakery is a promising project. The coin is as much as 294th place and has a capitalization of 160 million dollars, and compared to the huge community that the project has (Twitter – 427 thousand subscribers), the cryptocurrency is very even undervalued and can become a great investment tool.The project provides access to:Passive earningLaunchpad for launching nft collections and tokens1inch is a cryptocurrency which is also in a big correction right now. It is in 111th place in the top with capitalization of 630 million (there is room to grow in the future).We can note the active team of the project, which is constantly adding more and more features, having already built a whole ecosystem. The token has an exchanger, passive earnings, its own crypto wallet, which is available on IOS and Android.IOTA is a coin in the top 100 coins and is ranked 56th. Its capitalization currently exceeds $1.8 billion. Like many other cryptocurrencies on this list, IOTA is in a big correction. You can see a resistance line that could be broken soon and a reversal of the price to the upside will begin.Cardano is the largest coin on this list, which is in 9th place and capitalization reaches $32 billion. I don’t really like to mention cryptocurrencies that are at their peak price or already have a large capitalization, but ADA is a really good project and investing will definitely benefit you along with the overall growth of the crypto market. However, the coin is in a correction and buying it now will be almost a must.Illuvium is the last coin on the list that is not that far from the top 100 cryptocurrencies at the moment. It is 158th on the top and has a capitalization of $350 million.Illuvium is an open-world game with nft characters in the Illuvium Play-to-earn (play and earn) style. 2 March, 2018 5 March, 2018 Degree in Architecture Foros Person of interest Studies TalksAlejandro Haiek inaugurates a new edition of the Foros lecture seriesOn Monday 26 February, Alejandro Haiek, co-founder of the experimental applied research laboratory LABProFAB, kicked off a new edition of the School of Architecture’s Foros lecture series with a lecture entitled “Building Relationships”.School lecturer Miquel Lacasta, co-director of this edition along with Marc Chalamanch and Carmen Santana, was in charge of delivering the opening address of a lecture series which this year is entitled “Plural Innovations” and has been organised in cooperation with BBConstrumat.Lacasta’s speech hinged on the open-ended concept of innovation as a crucial force for expanding Architecture beyond the discipline’s traditional boundaries.He was followed by Alejandro Haiek, who, in front of over one hundred attendees, presented his work in the University’s Aula Magna, placing particular emphasis on two of his most recent projects: The Gyroscopic House and a culture and sports complex, both designed and built in the Venezuelan city of Barquisimeto, the third largest industrial city in this Latin American country.During his lecture, the Venezuelan architect discussed some of the main principles governing his work, such as his refusal to view architecture as an idea of progress, of the future; obsolescence as a resource; the aesthetics of imprecision; and the collectivisation of work, and stressed the social nature of all his projects. “Interacting in a horizontal manner is one of ways in which we think. Architecture helps build human relationships. In this regard, architects should think more like citizens than like experts, without abandoning the discipline’s technical principles”, he pointed out.Alejandro Haiek holds a degree in Architecture from the Central University of Venezuela and currently works as a lecturer at Umeå University, Sweden. Winner of the National Venezuelan Culture Award in 2010, his work was recently exhibited at the 15th Venice Architecture Biennale in 2016. Declared New Talent in Metropolis magazine by MOMA curator Martino Stierli (2015), in 2012, he won first prize at the EME3 International Architecture Festival in Barcelona.The Foros lecturer series will continue on 5 March with a talk by Catalan architect Itziar González Viròs. President of ParlaMent Ciutadà and director of the ReVolta Cartographic Institute, González Viròs recently won an international contest to design the urban development project for La Rambla in Barcelona The lecture, entitled “The Social Ramblas” will start at 7.30 p.m. in the University’s Aula Magna.PreviousUIC Barcelona School of Architecture celebrates the 20th anniversary of the Vertical Workshop with a retrospectiveNextObituario de Jorge Wagensberg por Alberto T. Estévez What Good Shall I Do This Day?It’s easy to be overwhelmed by daily life. We have so much going on around us. But, finding time to be on mission with our living Lord is a crucial part to growing in our faith.As a young man, Ben Franklin developed and kept a rigorous schedule in an attempt at self-improvement. Every day he rose at five in the morning and asked himself a single question: “what good shall I do this day?” That’s an intriguing question, but as Christians, we could modify it to read something like this: “what good is God already doing and how can I join in?”It’s easy to be overwhelmed by daily life. We have so much going on around us: paying bills, taking our children to school, and going to work. Then factor in making meals, keeping up with your favorite TV shows or reading another book and it’s tough to find the time to do good. However, participation and involvement with our Living Lord on mission is a crucial part of our growing in faith. Joining with him as he “does good” is one way that we become refined and perfected in his image. See what James writes: “Do not merely listen to the word, and so deceive yourselves. Do what it says… for those whoever looks intently into the perfect law that gives freedom, and continues in it – not forgetting what they have heard, but doing it – they will be blessed in what they do” (James 1:22, 25).Now, don’t get me wrong. The work of salvation has already been accomplished. But just because we’ve been reconciled doesn’t mean we’re called to sit back on our laurels. Instead, we’re able to participate in the redemption that he is continually working out. And our cooperation with our Lord is part of that abundant life.Let me encourage you to look for opportunities in your life to joyfully and freely go to work alongside our generous and great God. You’ll be amazed at what he can do in you – and through you – as you partner with him.I’m Joseph Tkach, Speaking of LIFE. Vincent D’AcuntoMobster Sentenced for Racketeering in Brooklyn UFCW ShakedownsPosted on June 29, 2020 June 29, 2020 by NLPC StaffFrank Giovinco was a moneymaker for the Genovese crime family. But where he’s going, the financial opportunities are very limited. On June 22, Giovinco was sentenced in Manhattan federal court to four years in prison, plus three years of supervised release, for acts of racketeering and extortion in the diversion of large sums of funds […]Posted in Union Corruption UpdateTagged Brooklyn, Frank Cognetta, Frank Giovinco, United Food and Commercial Workers (UFCW), Vincent D'AcuntoGenovese Mobster Sentenced for Brooklyn UFCW Racketeering, Another ConvictedPosted on January 17, 2020 February 9, 2020 by NLPC StaffNew York City’s Genovese crime family is traveling a little lighter these days. And members of United Food and Commercial Workers Locals 1D and 2D are sleeping a little more easily. On November 15, Steven Arena, a longtime Genovese soldier, was sentenced in Manhattan federal court to one year in prison and three years of […]Posted in Union Corruption UpdateTagged Frank Cognetta, Frank Giovinco, Steven Arena, United Food and Commercial Workers (UFCW), Vincent D'Acunto, Vincent EspositoAnother Brooklyn UFCW Boss Sentenced for RacketeeringPosted on October 24, 2019 November 1, 2019 by NLPC StaffThese last few months haven’t been good to the mob-connected former leaders of two Brooklyn, N.Y. affiliates of the United Food and Commercial Workers. One of them, Vincent D’Acunto, head of UFCW Local 2D, was sentenced in August. Now it’s Frank Cognetta’s turn. On September 6, Cognetta, former secretary-treasurer of UFCW Local 1D, was sentenced […]Posted in Union Corruption UpdateTagged Brooklyn, Frank Cognetta, United Food and Commercial Workers (UFCW), Vincent D'AcuntoFood & Commercial Workers Boss in Brooklyn Sentenced for RacketeeringPosted on September 5, 2019 October 8, 2019 by NLPC StaffOnce your mob partners start going to prison, it’s hard to stay out yourself. Vincent D’Acunto has learned the hard way. On August 9, D’Acunto, former secretary-treasurer of United Food and Commercial Workers (UFCW) Local 2D, was sentenced in U.S. District Court for the Southern District of New York to 10 months in prison, to […]Posted in Union Corruption UpdateTagged Genovese crime family, United Food and Commercial Workers (UFCW), Vincent D'Acunto, Vincent EspositoGenovese Mobster Pleads Guilty in Brooklyn UFCW SchemePosted on April 29, 2019 January 31, 2020 by NLPC StaffMafia wise guys still know how to help union officials upon request. But they also know when to pack it in. On April 10, Vincent Esposito, an enforcer for New York City’s feared Genovese crime family, pleaded guilty in U.S. District for the Southern District of New York to racketeering conspiracy engineered by Vincent D’Acunto, […]Posted in Union Corruption UpdateTagged Frank Cognetta, Genovese crime family, Steven Arena, United Food and Commercial Workers, Vincent D'Acunto, Vincent EspositoGenovese Mobsters Charged with Running Brooklyn UFCW RacketsPosted on January 31, 2018 July 17, 2020 by NLPC StaffThe Mafia might not control organized labor as it did decades ago, but don’t tell that to the feds. On January 10, five persons, each a member or an associate of the Genovese crime family, were indicted in Manhattan federal court for racketeering offenses dating back to 2000. Two of the defendants, Frank Cognetta and […]Posted in Union Corruption UpdateTagged Brooklyn, Frank Cognetta, Frank Giovinco, United Food and Commercial Workers (UFCW), Vincent D'Acunto, Vincent Esposito Page B2Home » Feature » Art and CultureFrom Picasso to Peking OperaBy Zhang Qian | October 18, 2011, Tuesday | Print EditionA month-long international arts festival will feature original Chinese dance, opera and acrobatics as well as a concert by violinist Itzhak Perlman and the Berlin Philharmonic Orchestra, and an exhibition of 62 original Picasso works.The curtain goes up tonight on the 13th Shanghai International Arts Festival, which runs through November 18. Around 50 performances will be staged, including 21 original Chinese works.The festival opens with an original dance drama, "The Goddess and the Dreamer" by the Zhengzhou Song and Dance Theater. It tells the tory of Cao Zhi and Cao Pi, princes of the Kingdom Wei of during the Three Kingdoms Period (AD 220-280). It features traditional Chinese dance styles.The festival features other original Chinese dance, opera and stage plays, as well as traditional Chinese opera.Original works include the opera "Red River Valley" by the China Opera and Dance Drama Theater; the stage play "A Charming Face among Peach Blossoms" by the Shanghai Drama Arts Center; a new Peking Opera "Peking Opera Actor Becomes Major General" and the Peking Opera and musical drama "Meng Xiaodong" by the Kuokuang Peking Opera Theater from Taiwan.Two original Chinese works will have their world premieres - "The Nutcracker and the Dream on the Sea" and the original musical "The Broken Bridge.""The Broken Bridge" is a retelling of the "Madame White Snake" legend in which a benevolent snake sorceress falls in love with a mortal man. "The Nutcracker" is a very different retelling of the famous "Nutcracker" story.Tchaikovsky's music and some ballet elements are retained, but the new work has a different storyline and includes magic, acrobatics and exotic sets. Director Liu Jun was the choreographer for the acrobatic version of "Swan Lake."In the Chinese version, a nutcracker helps a talented ballet dancer Mary regain her confidence and thus succeed in her career and find love."Pursuing dreams is a universal story understood by people all over the world; anyone can be Mary," says the show's creative producer Ric Birch, who produced the opening and closing ceremonies of the 2000 Summer Olympic Games in Sydney.Most of "The Nutcracker" performers are professional ballet dancers from Beijing and Shanghai and professionals from the Tianjin Acrobatic Troupe.The international performance program includes the Berlin Philharmonic Orchestra, the Bejart Ballet Lausanne and the Zurich Tonhalle Orchestra and violinist Perlman.Sixty-two originals by Picasso will be exhibited. Other exhibitions include sculpture and fresco highlights from the Mogao Grottes in Dunhuang, Gansu Province, and contemporary Chinese calligraphy and ink-wash painting.For program details, check official website www.artsbird.com. Home > Our World > News > News Archives by Date > News Archive 2007 > March 2007 > News - March 2007 ArchivesDelegates urge U.S. to help stop murders in PhilippinesAthea Penalosa speaks on the plight of children in the Philippines to an ecumenical gathering of religious leaders and human rights advocates on March 13 in Washington. UMNS photos by Christine Kumar.March 15, 2007 | WASHINGTON (UMNS)Filipino members of a religious human rights delegation put their own lives in jeopardy to urge U.S. lawmakers to help stop the extra-judicial killings that have claimed the lives of more than 800 since 2001.Two of the nine-member delegation testified during a March 14 hearing in Washington on extra-judicial killings in the Philippines. The hearing, chaired by Sen. Barbara Boxer, D-Calif., was the first conducted by the subcommittee under her leadership, the Senate Subcommittee on East Asian and Pacific Affairs.Earlier in the day, the delegation met with the staff of the House Committee on Foreign Relations, chaired by Rep. Tom Lantos, D-Calif., in a closed-door briefing.The delegation, the Ecumenical Voice on Peace and Human Rights in the Philippines, asked senators and representatives to review military aid and development assistance being sent to the Philippines to make sure that assistance is not being used to violate human rights and further extra-judicial killings.The delegation called on the U.S. Congress and church leaders to urge Philippine President Gloria Macapagal Arroyo to put an end to the extra-judicial killings that have claimed the lives of 836 people since 2001, including 24 clergy and religious leaders.The two members of the delegation invited to speak were Marie Hilao-Enriquez of Karapatan, with the Alliance for the Advancement of Human Rights, and the Rev. Eliezer Pascua, executive of the United Church of Christ in the Philippines.Both the Senate hearing and the House briefing resulted from concerted efforts of church and ecumenical bodies led by the Rev. Bob Edgar, a United Methodist who is top executive of the U.S. National Council of Churches of Christ."The delegation was anxious if not desperate to have a voice and an audience with Sen. Boxer's committee and also Rep. Tom Lantos," Edgar said. The delegation knows speaking out will "put them on lists to be threatened or harmed," he said. "They indicated the risks were worth the dangers."The delegation also presented a new human rights report on the Philippines to the Senate subcommittee and the House committee. The report was presented earlier to church leaders at the International Ecumenical Conference on Human Rights in the Philippines, held March 12-14.The Philippine report, "Let the Stones Cry Out: An Ecumenical Report on Human Rights in the Philippines and a Call to Action," was prepared by the National Council of Churches in the Philippines. The 86-page report details cases of political killings and studies the chilling pattern and alarming proportions with which these assaults on life were perpetrated.Speaking at the National City Christian Church during the conference, the delegates described how insurgents killed people for exercising their political beliefs and right to free expression, and for living Christ-centered lives of serving others.The Rev. R. Randy Day says The United Methodist Church is committed to supporting human rights advocatesin the Philippines.The Rev. R. Randy Day, top executive of the United Methodist Board of Global Ministries assured more than 50 ecumenical church leaders and human rights activists that The United Methodist Church is committed to supporting human rights advocates in the Philippines. "This is our highest priority," he said. "We will stand in solidarity together."Sharon Rose Joy Ruiz-Duremdes, executive of the National Council of Churches and lay leader of the Convention of Philippines Baptist Church, laid a candle wrapped in black linen on a table and urged the church leaders and advocates to respond to the urgency of the massacres of innocent victims. "Human rights should not be surrendered," she said."What about the children?" asked Athea Penalosa, information and publicity coordinator of the Children's Rehabilitation Center in Quezon City, Philippines, where she monitors and documents cases of human rights violations against children and their families. "These are our future leaders and hope for our nation."She spoke of a 12-year-old girl whose mother was murdered. "The little girl refuses to talk to anyone and refuses to comb her hair; she will wait for mama to come and comb her hair."The children's unheard fears are reflected in pictures that they draw in school. Pictures of families being murdered by soldiers with big guns have replaced happy faces of family members, homes and trees. "We want to bring the children to safe sanctuaries," said Penalosa. "May our collective voice for justice resonate."Ignored pleasBishop Solito Toquero pleads for an end to the killings in his country."I am in a rage and angry," said Bishop Solito Toquero, leader of The United Methodist Church's Manila Area. He said the plea to President Arroyo to end the killings has been ignored. "The killings continue."Day and Jim Winkler, top executive of the United Methodist Board of Church and Society, met with Arroyo last year in the Philippines to urge her to put an end to the violence.Winkler told the attendees at the conference that the U.S. government shares the blame for the political killings. "President Bush said in 2001 that there are two fronts in the war on terror, Afghanistan and the Philippines," he said.Bush's statement encouraged governments to continue the war without regard for people's civil liberties and human rights, Winkler said. He plans to go Geneva, Switzerland, with the Filipino delegation to speak with members of the United Nations Human Rights Council.As the delegates told stories of those killed, the church leaders and advocates were asked to pause between each and pray silently. In a corner of the room, pictures of dead church leaders rested on chairs. Large banners, hanging in a small room, related stories of children dying in their mothers' arms, pastors who were afraid to attend to their flock Sunday morning and common people being afraid to speak out.Bishop Toquero urged everyone to join together in unity to stop the killings. "Our cries help us," he said.*Christine Kumar, a reporter for the Baltimore-Washington Annual (regional) Conference, and Noel Pangilinan, media representative for the International Ecumenical Conference on Human Rights in the Philippines, contributed to this report.News media contact: Kathy L. Gilbert, Nashville, Tenn., (615) 742-5470 or newsdesk@umcom.org.Congress to hear report on Philippine killingsPrayer event focuses on human rights in PhilippinesCommentary: Philippine murders linked to militaryChurch leaders seek U.S. intervention in PhilippinesGunmen kill United Methodist local pastor in PhilippinesInternational Ecumenical Conference on Human Rights in the PhilippinesEcumenical Advocacy DaysGlobal Connections: The PhilippinesCreate a printer-friendly page Financial Policy, Planning, and Budgeting, 1 résultats 1Financial Policy, Planning, and BudgetingThis fonds has been provisionally arranged into one sub-fonds and five series. Sub-headings are used to break up the content of this field according to provisional sub-fonds and series. For a complete list of the provisional sub-fonds and series, see the "Systems of Arrangement" field below.Office of the Strategy and Resource Management Vice Presidency (SRMVP) records (sub-fonds)Sub-fonds contains the records of the Office of the Strategy and Resource Management Vice Presidency (SRMVP) created during its existence from 1997 to 2003. The SRMVP was led first by Mark Baird from 1997 to 1999 and then by Anil Sood from 1999 to 2003. The SRMVP oversaw units responsible for the planning and budgeting function as well as support of the Strategic Compact review. Included are records related to the formulation, approval, and subsequent assessment of the Strategic Compact. Records take the form of correspondence, reports, weekly and monthly meeting minutes and agendas, and materials from presentations on the Compact made to internal and external audiences. Sub-fonds also consists of program support files of the SRMVP which document other unique activities of the Vice Presidency. Activities evidenced in these records include: cost effectiveness reviews; strategic staffing; matrix management; Bank-wide programming and budgeting; and auditing. Subject files created and maintained by the Office of the Vice President are also contained in this sub-fonds. Topics include: performance indicators; human resources and personnel issues; corruption; partnerships; non-governmental organizations (NGOs); budgeting; the Strategic Forum; and the Bank's budgeting activities. Records also contain correspondence with Bank President Wolfensohn, Managing Directors, and other senior staff and external individuals. Meeting minutes and speeches are also included.Series contains records related to the financial policy function of the Bank. Activities supporting this function include: analysis of both the Bank's financial position and the international financial environment; and development and recommendation of policies, programs, and strategies that enable access to finances by the Bank and its borrowers. Records include a compendium of financial policies and a list of principal references and copies of key reference documents. Other correspondence, memoranda, and reports relate to the analysis of the Bank's financial position and specifically to management of Bank capital and IBRD subscription. Specific topics include: past policies regarding reserve targets; the financial structure and operations of IBRD; cost competitiveness of the Bank; overview of changes in IBRD financial policies; review of IBRD lending rate policy; review of IBRD income prospects and policies; review of IBRD/IDA programs and financial policies; variable lending rates; currency pooling; liquidity policy; investment guidelines; and capital subscription.Also included are the records of the Asset Liability Management Committee (ALMC) which makes recommendations in the areas of financial policy, the adequacy and allocation of risk capital, and oversight of financial reporting. Records of ALMC's two subcommittees, the Market Risk and Currency Management Subcommittee and the Credit Risk Subcommittee, are also included in this series.Records related to the development and review of lending policies are also included. Specifically, these policies relate to member country eligibility criteria, commitments, disbursements, loan income, and loan portfolio. Records are in the form of subject files. Topics include: currency management; currency composition of loans; lending rates; prepayments; country credit risk exposure; debt restructuring and negotiations; interest rate swaps; repayment terms; cofinancing operations; and single currency loans. Records also relate to development and review of financial risk policy. Specifically these include interest rate risk, exchange rate risk, credit risk, liquidity risk, borrowing risk, and others. Records may include policies on the subject as well as correspondence, memoranda, and other background material related to the policy.Series also contains records related to financial models and projections used to develop and review various financial policies related to Bank Group lending, borrowing, risk management, asset management, and other activities.Series also includes a small number of speeches and presentation materials produced and/or presented by financial policy staff when reporting to the Bank's regions, senior management and Executive Directors.Country Creditworthiness and Program ReviewSeries contains records related to country creditworthiness review and the credit risk inherent in IBRD's loan portfolio. Activities involve managing credit risk at both the individual country level and the portfolio level that directly affects the lending volumes IBRD may be willing to extend to its borrowers. Records relate to topics such as: debt management and reporting; export credits; Berne Union meetings; developments in portfolio credit quality; and loan loss provisioning requirements. Series also contains external debt studies done by the Budget and Planning Department's Financial Studies Division (PABFS) in conjunction with the International Finance Division of the Economic Projections and Analysis Department (EPDIF) in the 1970s. Series contains annual country risk assessments, final creditworthiness reports, portfolio reviews, and any essential information related to these. Periodic reports, forecasts, and summarydiscussion memoranda are also included as are records of the Short Term Risk Management Group which was responsible for informing senior management about economic and political developments in countries that are at risk of falling into crisis or are of systematic regional importance for Bank member countries. A set of historical debt case files primarily from the 1960s and early 1970s used for reference purposes are also included as are a set of debt rescheduling case files dating from 1967 to 1976.Country program review activities consist of the review, analysis, and coordination of Country Program Papers (CPPs). Specifically, units within the Planning and Budget Department and its successors were responsible for: measuring the size and composition of the country program proposed to the account constraints on the volume of IBRD and IDA lending; evaluating country creditworthiness and the Bank's exposure to risk; and determining the feasibility and appropriateness of the country program in terms of the country's ability to prepare and implement the projects. Activities include: establishing guidelines for the form and content of CPPs; selective participation in the preparation of CPPs in the form of working level reviews; participating selectively in Regional Vice President review meetings; and review final CPPs. Records related to these activities include copies of CPPs as well as the successor of CPPs, Country Assistance Strategy Papers (CAS); a complete set of CPPs from their introduction in 1968 through1987 are included. Also included are lending program files that supported the review of CPPs. Records include memoranda, reports, statistical tables, spreadsheets, Lending Program Monthly Status Reports, and Lending Operations Monthly Reports relating to the analysis and review of country lending. General lending files of PAB's Country Program Review Division (PABCP) and its predecessor the Program and Operations Review Division (PABPO) are also contained in this series. Subjects include: commercial bank lending, IDA allocations, disbursements, local cost financing, and creditworthiness. Document types include reports, statistical tables, and spreadsheets. Sector files of the Planning and Budgeting Department's Country Program Review Divisions (PABCP) are also contained in this series. These include reviews of economic sector work (ESW) performed in the regions and in the Central Projects Staff (CPS). Records include memoranda, statistical tables, and spreadsheets as well copies of reports from the Operations and Development Policy complexes that PABCP reviewed. Many of the records related to CPP review, general lending, and sector review contain annotations, handwritten notes, and calculations.Series contains records related to organizational effectiveness review, Bank reorganizations, and long term institutional planning. Series includes records created and maintained by the Planning and Budgeting Department's Institutional Planning Division (PBDIP) in the mid-1980s that supportedthe "Future Role of the Bank" exercise which sought to determine the direction of the Bank by examining issues such as trade and capital flows, the Bank's competitiveness, and the Bank's leadership role in research and aid coordination. Records include numerous studies and reports that were disseminated among Bank stuff and submitted to the Board. Topics relate to capital management, IDA replenishment, the Bank's role in the 1990s, Bank/Fund collaboration, staffing, and competitiveness. In addition to final versions of studies and reports, records include report drafts, comments on drafts, memoranda and correspondence, and small amounts of reference material. Also included are the files of Joseph D. Woods that relate to the "Future Role of the Bank" exercise. As Vice President of the Financial Policy, Planning and Budgeting Vice Presidency from 1983 to 1987, Woods had a leading role in the exercise.Also included in this series are records relating to other committees and task forces that focused on institutional planning from a financial policy perspective. The majority of the records relate to the 1987 Bank-wide reorganization and the Strategic Compact review that took place between 1997 and 1999. The series is comprised of the proceedings of the committee/task force meetings in which units responsible for financial policy, planning, and budgeting activities within the Bank participated in management reviews or in support of relevant institutional committee/task force either as the secretariat or as a member. Records include: terms of reference (TOR); agendas and minutes of meetings; background papers; and related materials.Budgeting Policy and PlanningSeries contains records relating to budget policy development and planning activities. Records are primarily contained in subject files on various topics including: reorganization budgeting; the Special Grants Program; cofinancing and trust funds; project review and aid effectiveness; portfolio management; capital budget management; debt and debt restructuring; staffing; and annual lending reporting. Series also contains chronological files of staff in the Planning and Budgeting Department's Budget Planning and Systems (PBDPS) and Office of the Director (PBDDR) departments that relate to the same topics as subject files. Records of John Blaxall, Assistant Director in the Programming and Budgeting Department (1969-1973, 1976) are also included in this series. These records relate to his involvement in the development of the Bank's Five Year Program (1969-1973) as well as the writing of The Scale of IBRD Financial Operations, FY74-78 discussed at the Executive Directors Meetings in 1972 and Report of the Planning, Programming and Budgeting Working Group which was presented to the President's Council in 1977.Bank-wide Budget Support and ReviewRecords in this series relate to the monitoring, evaluation and implementation of the Bank's planning and budgeting processes and the submission of budget materials to the Board for review and approval. The series includes records of the main document production cycle (including Planning Directions papers and budget documents) as well as monitoring, evaluation and implementation documents (including Retrospective Reviews, Midyear Reviews, Apex Reports, and Budget Management Manuals). Other budget documents contained in this series include: medium-term framework reports; business plans outlining units' work programs for the next three years; notes presenting Policy and Budgeting Department (PBD) analysis and recommendations; submissions from vice presidencies; analysis of retrospective reviews; requests for clarification/modification of issues in budget submissions; tables detailing expenditures by service categories; and draft reports, staff comments, tables, framework papers, and correspondence relating to Bank planning and budgeting activities. The series also includes: minutes of monthly budget meetings with clients; copies of contingency funding requests and responses to them; budget contract models; accruals overrun/underrun tables and memoranda; and other papers relating to dollar budgeting implementation.The series contains a reference collection in the form of copies of summary information regarding the plans and budgets of the World Bank Group from 1949 to 1975. Specifically, these records consist of papers presented to the Board of Governors and Executive Directors regarding the administrative and operations budgets of the World Bank Group as well as related internal memoranda and tables.Series also consists of subject files created by units responsible for budget support and review. Records served as analytical, statistical, historical, and background information for cross cycle activities related to Bank-wide programming, planning and budgeting processes. The series is comprised of correspondence and papers relating to: budget policies and procedures; service categories; organizational units' plans and budgets; object of expenditures; source of external funds; program objectives; capital budget; service category files (e.g. operational planning, borrowing/investment operations, loan administration, personnel, Special Grants Program); organizational unit budgeting (e.g. vice presidencies, administrative tribunal, appeals committee, ombudsman); source of external funds; program objectives (e.g. debt and adjustment, poverty reduction, human resources development, private sector development, public sector management, environment, and forestry); and capital budget. Theodores, James L., 1 results 1Theodores, James L.Personal Papers of James L. TheodoresFonds consists of records from Theodores's time as Resident Representative in Kabul, Afghanistan and as Field Coordinator for the World Bank Group. Many of the records in this fonds appear to be a selection made by Theodores either during his time employed at the Bank or upon his departure. Some of the records, such as those relating to Afghanistan after Theodores had completed his time as Resident Representative there, may have been collected by Theodores for personal interest or in support of potential research projects to be undertaken at a later date. A small number of records relating to Theodores's employment with the World Bank or to the history and future of Afghanistan are also included. Frontier and pioneer lifeDavis, LeRoy G., 1859 - 1957. Reminiscences (1865 - 1893), undatedAbstract The reminiscences proved within the LeRoy G. Davis collection pertain to his family’s migration from Wisconsin to Minnesota and the food they ate. He reminisced about his childhood on a farm near Sleepy Eye, Minnesota, and his occupations in Redwood County teaching second grade and his time at the law office of J. M. Thompson in Sleepy Eye. He discussed his education at Carleton College in Northfield, Minnesota and at Hamline University in St. Paul before a shortage of economic funds forced...Found in: Southern Minnesota Historical Center / Davis, LeRoy G., 1859 - 1957. Reminiscences (1865 - 1893), undatedIngraham, Eliza M., 1883 - 1957. "Reminiscences of Eliza M. Ingraham (July 29, 1883 - January 20, 1957.)" undatedThe collection consists of a typed copy of Eliza M. Ingraham’s reminiscences of life in rural Leavenworth Township, Brown County, Minnesota during the Nineteenth Century. The majority of the paper consists of Ingraham recalling a log cabin near her home called the “old Hoff place.” In another section, she retold a tale about lost treasure buried near the cabin by American Indians escaping from soldiers. The paper ended abruptly after she recounted the cabin’s demise during her childhood.Found in: Southern Minnesota Historical Center / Ingraham, Eliza M., 1883 - 1957. "Reminiscences of Eliza M. Ingraham (July 29, 1883 - January 20, 1957.)" undatedJackson, Donald Force. "Jackson-Cahill, Force-Moen: A Narrative Genealogy". Booklet, 1980This collection consists of a family history compiled by Donald Force Jackson. The narrative focuses on the author’s parents, Raymond Jackson and Della Anne Force Jackson. Information on pioneer life in Mankato and River Falls, Minnesota, the Mankato Teachers College, Army life during World War II, and the Mankato Tire Company are all part of the booklet.Found in: Southern Minnesota Historical Center / Jackson, Donald Force. "Jackson-Cahill, Force-Moen: A Narrative Genealogy". Booklet, 1980Mills, Lucius Denning, 1848 - 1936 and Others. "Reminiscences of Pioneer Life [1848 - 1933]." Reminiscences, 1933Abstract The Lucius Denning Mills collection holds a typed copy of an unpublished manuscript entitled “Reminiscences of Pioneer Life” compiled by Mills. Mills recalled his family living in Illinois before migrating to the area around Garden City, Minnesota. Also, he discussed living conditions in Mankato, Minnesota for the year 1854, the Dakota Conflict and subsequent mass hanging in Mankato, and the hardships and joys experienced by pioneers on the Minnesota frontier during the...Found in: Southern Minnesota Historical Center / Mills, Lucius Denning, 1848 - 1936 and Others. "Reminiscences of Pioneer Life [1848 - 1933]." Reminiscences, 1933Willard, William Dodsworth, 1867 - 1952. Reminiscences, 1856 - 1952The William Dodsworth Willard reminiscences concern the Willard family, frontier life in southern Minnesota, and the early years of Mankato, Minnesota. The memoir includes a brief family history as well as details concerning his life. Willard concluded his musings by describing his participation in business and community endeavors within Mankato.Found in: Southern Minnesota Historical Center / Willard, William Dodsworth, 1867 - 1952. Reminiscences, 1856 - 1952Winter, August Edward, 1838 - 1927. Reminiscences, 1861 - 1865This collection consists of a transcribed photocopy, jfrom German to English, of the reminiscences of August Edward Winter. Winter served as a German Lutheran minister on the Minnesota frontier, and he detailed his experience in the paper. In the document. Winter described of living conditions, wages, Minnesota communities, the Dakota Conflict, a grasshopper invasion, and Minnesota's pioneers.Found in: Southern Minnesota Historical Center / Winter, August Edward, 1838 - 1927. Reminiscences, 1861 - 1865More about 'Frontier and pioneer life'Baker, James H. (Rena) Mrs. 1Davis, LeRoy G., 1859-1957 1Ingraham, Eliza M., 1883 - 1957 1Jackson, Della Anne Force 1Jackson, Donald Force, 1946- 1Jackson, Raymond 1Mills, Lucius Denning, 1848-1936 1Mills, Edward P. 1Mills, Titus Fillmore (Lida), Mrs. 1Naatz, Agnes 1Willard, William Dodsworth, 1867-1952 1Winter, August Edward, 1838-1927 1 Mr. P. Chandrasekar, ChairmanMr. P. Chandrasekar is a cheerful Chartered Accountant practicing in Chennai for the past 30 years is also known for his humour. He was the Auditor for ARCOD till the Year 2002. Later he became a board member and elected as the chairman subsequently. While he is serving as secretary of National Association for the Blind, Tamil Nadu State Branch and the Vice President of Tamil Chamber of Commerce, he is also actively contributing to order social welfare organizations in various capacities.Mr. R. Balakrishanan, Vice President,Mr. R. Balakrishnan is in the pharmaceutical trade in Chennai. He is also life member of Tamil Chamber of Commerce and Society for prevention of cruelty to Animals (SPCA), is serving in the board of ARCOD since 1993.Mr. D.G. Venkatesan, Vice PresidentMr. D. G. Venkatesan is in pharmaceutical trade in Dharmapuri and he is serving in the board of ARCOD for the past 15 years. We are proud to share that he has been awarded “Lifetime Achievement Award” by the Tamil Nadu Dr. M.G.R. Medical University.Mr. V.R. Keshavraj, SecretaryMr. V R Keshavraj is the founder of ARCOD known for his style of leadership, a Post Graduate in social work from Madras School of Social Work has 36 years of professional experience in development with multi sectorial expertise.Ms. C.N. Prasannakumari, TreasurerMs. C. N Prsannakumari is lawyer by profession, is a staff of ARCOD since a decade has expertise particularly in the field of HIV / AIDS and Children.Mr. S. Senthil Kumar, GB MemberMr. S. Senthilkumar is an enthusiastic member in the board. He is running a HRD Agency in Chennai. He is serving the board since 2009.Ms. Josephine Joseph, GB MemberMs. Josephine Joseph is an independent development consultant based at Chennai. She is serving the board from 2016. The Cost of Ignorance: Closing the Deal22Jul 2014 by ASULJADMINSherri Zendri.The alphabet soup of federal and state statutes and rules regulating the purchase and sale of property can quickly become overwhelming. Nevertheless, parties to commercial and residential real estate transactions ignore such laws at their own peril: failure to comply with these regulations, whether intentional or not, can impose serious costs on all parties involved.This Article focuses on some practical approaches to due diligence inquiries and allocations of potential liabilities, and includes only brief comments on some of the legal liabilities regarding environmental disclosure requirements in real property transactions. The main take-away from this article is that the Arizona Department of Environmental Quality (“ADEQ”) is the key environmental regulatory agency in Arizona with a mission to protect the environment. As such, the Agency is a great resource for information and cooperative ideas to ensure the deal will close. Why Do My Hardwood Floors Make Popping or Cracking Sounds?If you have hardwood floors, one issue with them that could signal a larger problem are popping or cracking sounds. This noisy problem is especially worrisome if work was recently done on the floors. However, the specific issue with the floors will usually vary depending upon each individual floor.As hardwood flooring experts, we’ll take a look at some common scenarios where floors are making sounds and give possible causes and solutions to the issue.Hardwood Floors Making Sound at NightA fairly common scenario is that you can hear sound coming from the wood at night, when it’s quiet. While it may seem like it’s just a result of being able to hear better with fewer noises happening late at night, sometimes people have popping sounds so loud that it wakes them up.The most common reason for hardwood to make a popping sound, specifically at night, is a change in humidity. The home cools during the transition from day to night and that can impact humidity levels in the home. The popping sound can be especially loud if the fit of the wood is very tight. If there’s popping in a new floor you can expect it to ease with time. Otherwise, try to take steps to control the humidity level in the house, which can be done using the air conditioning or a dehumidifier, if it’s causing a disturbance.Hardwood Floor CreaksAnother issue you can come across is a very creak floor. While this is inevitable in an old hardwood floor, it can be very worrisome when the problem pops up in a newly installed hardwood floor.The most likely issue for a new floor that’s noisy is that it needs time to settle. It can take time for the wood to properly acclimate to the new environment and get used to the way that environment will make it move, even sealed wood will have minor changes in size depending on the environment it’s exposed to. This is the most likely cause of creaking in a new floor and should resolve itself in time.However, another potential problem could be environmental. Specific environmental problems that could be contributing to a creaking sound are moisture, humidity, and temperature. For example, if the area of the floor that creaks is over a cold basement then excess moisture could be affecting the wood. Similarly, if that part of the floor is in a sunny spot during the day, the surface of the wood could be heating up during the day, expanding, and then contracting and night when it’s cooler, meaning it’s never really able to properly settle and stays loose and noisy.Hardwood Floors Crackling When Walked OnA crackling floor is a similar issue to a creaky floor, but could have a different cause. If you notice a sound that’s more like shattered glass when walked, rather than a classic creaking floor, you likely have an issue with the way the wood is interacting with the finish.The finishes on wood have to react to changes in the environment just like the wood does. So, if the temperature suddenly starts getting warmer and the wood shrinks, the finish that coats the wood has to be able to move with that shrinking wood, otherwise it can separate from the wood, causing a thin layer between the two surfaces that allows the plastic-like coating to crackle when walked on. The biggest sign that this may be the cause of the problem is if the cracking sound is more pronounced at the joints of the floor, as the finish is least able to move there. City of DisBoston, Massachusetts, United States | Established. Jan 01, 2013Band Metal ProgressiveShare City of Dis's EPK!A Flawed Design EP (2017)City of Dis is a 4-piece rock band from Boston, MA. With a focus on sweet harmony, complex rhythm, and crushing dissonance, City of Dis is creating a new progressive sound. Heavily rooted in grunge, metal, and progressive rock, the band creates music that can be harsh, yet still intensely beautiful.The band began forming in 2012, when guitarist/vocalist Bryan Hassell and drummer James Cooper left their old band in search of a new musical direction. As they’d been performing together for years, writing songs together came to them easily. However, it wasn’t until 2013, when guitarist Kevin Ronan joined, that things really started to take shape. They trio went on rehearsing and writing as they searched for and auditioned bassists, until they came across Juan Pablo Blanco that November. With the lineup complete, the band would spend the next year developing material, and even recording demo tracks. Then, in November 2014, they finally performed their first show. From there, they maintained their live presence throughout the greater Boston area, playing at venues like Hard Rock, Middle East Downstairs, and Obrien’s. In February 2016 the band decided to record their debut EP A Flawed Design. Released this June, the self-produced record is a testament to where the band is at with their sound right now.Bryan HassellJuan Pablo BlancoCity of Dis Music ex-PM Yousuf Raza Gilani The Hack Writer Becomes War Movie Critic – Well, Not ReallyThe word critic (Greek, Latin) flashes back to the word judge. We know a critic as:1. One who forms and expresses judgments of the merits, faults, value, or truth of a matter.2. One who specializes especially professionally in the evaluation and appreciation of literary or artistic works: a film critic; a dance critic.3. One who tends to make harsh or carping judgments; a faultfinder.I know what a critic is because they destroy the lives of authors, script writers, and hack writers like me.A critic is supposed to be objective and not put his own taste on the plate. Well, evidently, not really.A critic says anything that he pleases.Sometimes a critic makes an important person angry such as the one that angered President Truman–during the worst time of the Korean War–saying that his singing daughter, Mary Margaret, was not all that great at her operatic art.The president wrote these words to the critic: “Some day I hope to meet you. When that happens you’ll need a new nose, a lot of beefsteak for black eyes, and perhaps a supporter below!”The letter did not make more folks angry at the critic. It did make the people angry at the president.Later, the president’s daughter took up writing mysteries. I know that President Truman is dead, but I’m not taking any chances by judging her novels. His ghost might come after me.Here are some examples of what critics say:“The covers of this book are too far apart.” ~ Ambrose Bierce“This is not a novel to be tossed aside lightly. It should be thrown with great force.” ~ Dorothy Parker“She had been critical of his new torch song, “A Side Order of Heartache, Please,” suggesting it could be used as a good way to break in their new paper shredder.” ~ Woody Allen (Mere Anarchy)Ref: http://workinghumor.com/quotes/criticism.shtmlThose critics could make an author feel just awful.Here is what famous people have said about critics and criticism (same ref.):Do what you feel in your heart to be right, for you’ll be criticized anyway. ~ Anna Eleanor RooseveltThe rule in carving holds good as to criticism; never cut with a knife what you can cut with a spoon. ~ Charles BuxtonA successful person is one who can lay a firm foundation with the bricks that others throw at him or her. ~ David BrinkleyA painting in a museum probably hears more foolish remarks than anything else in the world. ~ Edmond and Jules De GoncourtTo escape criticism — do nothing, say nothing, be nothing. ~ Elbert HubbardIt isn’t what they say about you, it’s what they whisper. ~ Errol FlynnIf criticism had any power to harm, the skunk would be extinct by now. ~ Fred AllenDon’t be afraid of opposition. Remember, a kite rises against, not with, the wind. ~ Hamilton MabieFrom my close observation of writers… they fall into two groups: 1) those who bleed copiously and visibly at any bad review, and 2) those who bleed copiously and secretly at any bad review. ~ Isaac AsimovBefore you criticize people, you should walk a mile in their shoes. That way, when you criticize them, you’re a mile away. And you have their shoes. ~ JK LambertA negative judgment gives you more satisfaction than praise, provided it smacks of jealousy. ~ Jean BaudrillardThere is no defense against criticism except obscurity. ~ Joseph AddisonNothing is more apt to deceive us than our own judgment of our work. We derive more benefit from having our faults pointed out by our enemies than from hearing the opinions of friends. ~ Leonardo da VinciI cried all the way to the bank. ~ Liberace (when asked whether he minded being criticized)I love criticism just so long as it is unqualified praise. ~ Noel CowardI have always been very fond of them (drama critics) . . . I think it is so frightfully clever of them to go night after night to the theater and know so little about it. ~ Noel CowardSticks and stones are hard on bones, aimed with angry art,Words can sting like anything but silence breaks the heart.~ Phyllis McGinleyA fly, Sir, may sting a stately horse and make him wince; but one is but an insect, and the other is a horse still. ~ Samuel JohnsonCriticism is a study by which men grow important and formidable at a very small expense. ~ Samuel JohnsonAnyway, I’ve decided to become a war movie aficionado rather than a critic. I don’t want to make anyone angry.There are only a handful of great war movies in existence. (The latest version of the War of the Worlds movie starring Tom Cruise is not one of them.Any movie with stereotype actors like John Wayne are excluded because the actors become bigger than the story–especially if they are old and fat.Some stars, like Tom Hanks and Humphrey Bogart, are somehow able to blend into a story. It’s called “acting the part” rather than grandstanding. When John Wayne played Rooster Cogburn in True Grit, he played the part.Before I mention the movies, I must give you this criteria that affects my judgement: My brother was in the Navy in World War II and he kept a wonderful log of war in the Pacific. My uncle and some friends were in World War I and fought in the trenches. I was with the Seventeenth Infantry Regimental Combat Team in Korea during 1951-52 when the war was still hot. My criteria is simple: Is the movie really like war based on my experience?Some great war movies are as follows:All Quiet on the Western Front (1930):“This is an English language film (made in America) adapted from a novel by German author Erich Maria Remarque. The film follows a group of German schoolboys, talked into enlisting at the beginning of World War 1 by their jingoistic teacher. The story is told entirely through the experiences of the young German recruits and highlights the tragedy of war through the eyes of individuals. As the boys witness death and mutilation all around them, any preconceptions about “the enemy” and the “rights and wrongs” of the conflict disappear, leaving them angry and bewildered. This is highlighted in the scene where Paul mortally wounds a French soldier and then weeps bitterly as he fights to save his life while trapped in a shell crater with the body. The film is not about heroism but about drudgery and futility and the gulf between the concept of war and the actuality.” Written by Michele Wilkinson, University of Cambridge Language Centre, [email protected] See http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0020629/plotsummaryAficionado’s Comment:When I was a boy I saw the results of the Great War. One veteran in our town walked the streets continually whistling the same tune. He never spoke a word. I often walked with him and we became friends. But the war had destroyed him.Another man I knew spent his time in the street an in the bars near the Union Pacific Railroad station in Salt Lake City. In the street, he directed traffic and reported to his imaginary superior officers, saluting and standing at attention. In the bars, he hoped for a free drink. Another life lost.My uncle was in that war. Like others, he was gassed by phosgene or mustard gas or such. Trench foot was often referred to by those who fought in the trenches in France. My cousin’s father was declared dead during the flu epidemic and a tag was tied to his toe. He lived.My father was sent of to that war, but after two weeks at Camp Lewis, Washington, the army decided that they couldn’t find him and other recruits uniforms and sent them back to the farm. My father said there was not much to eat either. He said that they had “jerky.” A piece of pork rind was tied to a string and hung from the roof of the barracks. Each recruit climbed up on a stool, swallowed the pork rind, and then jumped down from the stool, leaving the pork rind for the next guy to swallow. I’m not sure if that actually occurred.The movie may have some shortcomings but they put over the point that war is not glory but gory and the worst plaque of all mankind, breading all human sorrows. I think I have mentioned in other articles about how the Korean war devastated families and communities. Unless man can find a substitute for our killing instincts and the falsities of military-minded men, this planet will be left to the ground squirrels and snakes. At least, I hope there is that much left.Sahara (1943):“Filmed during World War II, this film was intended to be a propaganda piece for the U.S. government. Sergeant Joe Gunn (Bogart) leads an abandoned tank unit after the fall of Tobruk in North Africa. The tanks picks up British, French, South African, and Sudanese soldiers along the way, becoming a microcosm of the Allied troops. The group works together to defeat a much larger German force that wants the same water well that they have. The film portrays all of the images that the U.S. deemed important for the American people see in regards to the war.” Written by Kasey Kist [email protected] http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0036323/plotsummaryI was eleven years old when this film was released. World War II was in full force, my brother was in the navy, the stars in the windows of the homes in the neighborhood were changing from blue, to bronze, to silver, to gold as our servicemen were missing, wounded, or killed in action.We kids were anxious to get into the war. The Utah State Fair Grounds were changed to an army camp. We ran the obstacle course and amazed the troops that we could run the course and some of them could not.My sister’s boy friend was serving in Africa. We read his letters to her and learned about the war there. I remember his description of the bazooka and how it helped change the war. That is a weapon that I have fired, but not in combat. The film gets it’s message across as described in the plot. In those days, Rommel, Patton, and Montgomery were the big news but the movie bonded us to a tank and the German and multinational soldiers who were fighting for what is really important–water.Run Silent Run Deep (1958):“The captain of a submarine sunk by the Japanese during WWII is finally given a chance to skipper another sub after a year of working a desk job. His single-minded determination for revenge against the destroyer that sunk his previous vessel puts his new crew in unnecessary danger.” Written by Kevin Ackley [email protected] http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0052151/plotsummaryAfter Pearl Harbor, our brave submariners were able to fight while the other forces were trying to recoup from December 7, 1941. The acting in this movie is good and the plot is strong. I was excited by what the skipper learned about the enemy while laying injured in his bunk and how he got his revenge. But the bottom line is that no greater courage was required than by our submariners. When I was an engineering professor at Iowa State University, a fellow worker lost his son on the Thresher. Just like the families that are suffering as members or our forces die daily, he was devastated.Das Boot (1981):“It is 1942 and the German submarine fleet is heavily engaged in the so called “Battle of the Atlantic” to harass and destroy English shipping. With better escorts of the Destroyer Class, however, German U-Boats have begun to take heavy losses. “Das Boot” is the story of one such U-Boat crew, with the film examining how these submariners maintained their professionalism as soldiers, attempted to accomplish impossible missions, while all the time attempting to understand and obey the ideology of the government under which they served.” Written by Anthony Hughes [email protected] http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0082096/plotsummaryNot quite the same tone as All Quiet on the Western Front, but close. I was never in underwater combat. It must be the most discouraging of all warfare systems. Something close must be when our shuttle astronauts reenter our atmosphere at a breakneck speed–depending on the heat shield made from materials developed by people like me.Gettysburg (1993)“The three day battle that was a turning point in the Civil War is shown from the perspectives of both sides, highlighting the fight for Little Round Top, and Pickett’s Charge. Other focuses include Longstreet … and Lee’s relationship as they have differing strategic opinions, Armistead fighting on the opposite side of his old friend Hancock, and the Chamberlain brothers.” Written by Anonymous http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0107007/plotsummaryWe lived in York, PA for five years and I often visited our factories in Adam’s County so close to Gettysburg that we often had lunch there. But I had always been interested in Gettysburg and spent a lot of time on the various battlefields. I visited the battlefield with my father and we toured the wax museum. I was amazed at how much my father knew about the Civil war even though my grandfather had mentioned seeing Lincoln’s funeral train, etc.To me, the Civil War was a great tragedy causing too much suffering on a young nation. I often think what the population of the United States would be now if that war had been avoided. What great individuals were never born because their would-be fathers were killed in the war.Great acting and the true portrayal of heroism is what makes this movie great. The shortcoming of leaders amplified the carnage that took place there.Note: My novel Bone China uses this area as a backdrop.Saving Private Ryan (1998):“Opening with the Allied invasion of Normandy on 6 June 1944, members of the 2nd Ranger Battalion under Cpt. Miller fight ashore to secure a beachhead. Amidst the fighting, two brothers are killed in action. Earlier in New Guinea, a third brother is KIA. Their mother, Mrs. Ryan, is to receive all three of the grave telegrams on the same day. The United States Army Chief of Staff, George C. Marshall, is given an opportunity to alleviate some of her grief when he learns of a fourth brother, Private James Ryan, and decides to send out 8 men (Cpt. Miller and select members from 2nd Rangers) to find him and bring him back home to his mother…” Written by J.Zelman http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0120815/plotsummaryI liked this movie because it showed infantrymen at work the way they actually work. Sometimes war movies are hard to watch because they bring back to my mind sad and dangerous situations. Still, I ‘ve watched this movie more than once.Letters from Iwo Jima (1996):“The island of Iwo Jima stands between the American military force and the home islands of Japan. Therefore the Imperial Japanese Army is desperate to prevent it from falling into American hands and providing a launching point for an invasion of Japan. General Tadamichi Kuribayashi is given command of the forces on the island and sets out to prepare for the imminent attack. General Kuribayashi, however, does not favor the rigid traditional approach recommended by his subordinates, and resentment and resistance fester among his staff. In the lower echelons, a young soldier, Saigo, a poor baker in civilian life, strives with his friends to survive the harsh regime of the Japanese army itself, all the while knowing that a fierce battle looms. When the American invasion begins, both Kuribayashi and Saigo find strength, honor, courage, and horrors beyond imagination.” Written by Jim Beaver [email protected]http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0498380/plotsummaryThe script is in captions unless you can understand Japanese. I only know a few words, having visited Japan during the Korean War and on business trips after the war. Still, the captions did not bother me.I learned young on my first visit to Japan that there was another side to the Japanese not revealed in World War propaganda. I’m sure that the innate Samurai nature of some Japanese is still there in some of the older folks, but I doubt that it exist in the newer generations. The film depicts exactly what the Japanese soldiers were like because of the letters they wrote home.The movie revealed a bit of American “unfairness” when marines murdered two prisoners they were charged to care for. It was a simple act of laziness, the marines not wanting to do their duty. It was what the Japanese were doing to American prisoners, and that is what the marines did.In Korea, I saw crude behavior between civilians and G.I.s, but I never saw an American soldier injure or kill a civilian, at least not intentionally. As for prisoners, on my part, I just saw them as big Chinese kids from Manchuria too-young to fight. We fed them and chatted with them and treated their wounds. What happened to them once they got down to the line may have been a different thing. I hope they were treated properly. I know there were riots in the prison camps. I would suspect that they were incited by North Koreans more than by Chinese prisoners but I have not researched that idea. Wounded American prisoners were murdered during the war. For example, see: http://www.rt66.com/~korteng/SmallArms/hill303.htmHow did I feel about all those Chinese soldiers we killed? I knew that their wifes, sweethearts, parents, siblings, and friends would soon mourn.copyright©2007 John T. Jones, Ph.D. (Taylor Jones the Hack Writer)write by Jonathan Discover the PhilippinesAsian Geographic TVAsian Geographic MagazinesHome On Assignment NamastéA group of priests performing agni puja, in which a dedication is made to Lord ShivaThe mass pilgrimage at Kumbh Mela unites Hindus in a splendid showcase of faith and devotionText Shirin BhandariPhotos Gunther DeichmannThe Hindu devotee’s hands are pressed together. His palms touch, close to his chest, and his fingers point upwards. His brightly-coloured turban is in stark contrast to his thick white beard. “Namaste,” he says with a slight bow. Literally translated, the word means “I bow to the divine in you.” A respectful greeting, namaste, or namaskar, combined with the wordless hand gesture, conveys the same meaning of acknowledgement for a loved one, a guest or a stranger, regardless of the speaker’s language, culture or religion. Amidst the potpourri of more than 1,500 languages spoken in India, namaste is a universal form of salutation, understood by all, and particularly so during the Kumbh Mela. The left-to-right head wobble – would that be a yes or a no? – is another story!Sadhus come from all over India to participate in the Kumbh Mela, held every 12 years in Ujjain (Image © Gunther Deichmann)It is a Sensory OverloadIndia is not for the faint-hearted. It is sensory overload; there are no grey areas: either you’ll love to travel the country or hate it well enough to take the first flight out. India can break you with its poverty, lack of privacy and dirt; ironically, Western travellers claim to have found inner spirituality after a two-week trip. The Kumbh Mela – the largest spiritual gathering in the world, when Hindus gather en masse to bathe in a sacred river and cleanse themselves of sin – is the ultimate test.First documented by a Chinese traveller in the seventh century, the colourful celebration of the world’s oldest religion is held once every 12 years. The exact date of the festival is determined according to a combination of the zodiac positions of Jupiter, the sun and the moon.Hindu mythology describes how the Lord Vishnu dropped the drink of immortality over four locations as he was transporting it in a kumbha (pot), hence the name. The Mela (gathering) is centred at the banks of a river where devotees bathe to cleanse themselves of their sins. The main festival site is, of course, located on the banks of a river: the Ganges at Haridwar; the confluence of the Ganges and Yamuna and the invisible Sarasvati at Allahabad; the Sarasvati at Allahabad; the Godavari at Nashik; and the Shipra at Ujjain.A group of priests performing agni puja, in which a dedication is made to Lord Shiva (Image © Gunther Deichmann)The Kumbh Mela is a melting pot of the millions of people that visit from the various states who, despite speaking diversely different languages, converge peacefully in the name of religion. The event is widely known by its Sanskrit name, Kumbha, the sacred language of Hinduism and a ceremonial language in pujas (prayers) and religious rituals. Sanskrit is the sacred language of Hinduism and one of the oldest Indo-European languages in the world. The literature holds a deep tradition in drama, poetry, religious and philosophical texts.As such, Sanskrit hymns and chants are widely heard throughout the Kumbh Mela. Kumbha is also – fittingly – the sign of the Aquarius.The Kumbh Mela in Ujjain can be traced back to the 18th century. The ancient city, considered one of the most sacred places in India, sits along the eastern bank of the Kshipra River and is located in the state of Madhya Pradesh in central India. It is as if time has stood still here. Visitors travel to India on planes, trains and automobiles, then transfer to more eclectic, old-world modes of transportation: camels, horses, even elephants. The devotees are from all walks of life, from various castes and religious orders – Hindus, Buddhists, Sikhs, even Christian missionaries – with one purpose: to bathe and be born again, freed into an eternal life without sin and suffering. Between 22 April and 21 May 2016, approximately 75 million people visited.The main temple of reverence in Ujjain is the Mahakaleshwar Jyotirlinga, situated on the side of the Rudra Sagar Lake. It is one of the most famous Hindu temples dedicated to Lord Shiva, and is said to be one of twelve jyotirlingams that is the most sacred abode of Lord Shiva. The Ram Ghat – one of the most popular – is located close to the Harsiddhi Temple in Ujjain. Indian astronomers have calculated that the Tropic of Cancer passes through the city of Ujjain, making it the Greenwich of India.The PeoplesThe largest crowd-pullers at the Kumbh Mela are the sadhus or the holy men of India. The root word sadh in Sanskrit means ‘to reach one’s goal’; the same word is used in the sadhana, or spiritual practice. Becoming a sadhu is the fourth stage in a Hindu’s life, and the practice is also open to women (sadvi). Coming from a variety of castes, the holy people of India practise a nomadic life and their spiritual discipline involves self-denial: renouncing the world for meditation and contemplation.Living apart from society – in Hindu temples, ashrams, forests and caves – the sadhus focus on their yogic and spiritual beliefs. Some of them thrive in large communes while others choose a more reclusive lifestyle. They rely on donations from people to survive. It is a difficult path and sadhus are considered legally dead unto themselves and to India. Regardless, it is believed that their devotion is good karma and beneficial to Indian society.The nanga (naked) sadhus, with their thick dreadlocks and ash-covered skin, claim to be in the company of ghosts. They certainly look the part. India has an infinite amount of rituals and traditions that can lead one to God. Their choice to live in cemeteries as part of their holy path is, however, macabre. Some are thought to possess special powers. The fascination with the Lord Shiva explains their heavy use of charas (cannabis), who was thought to have a deep affinity for the plant.Most devotees at the event are draped in brightly-coloured fabrics, though marigold is predominant, and beads of different shapes and sizes, often mixed with silver, adorn their necks and wrists. Tents of various hues fill the horizon. Fragrant food stalls serve only vegetarian cuisine so that nobody is offended. The smell of musky incense mixed with ganja (marijuana) fills the air. The stairs leading down to the body of water are full of people patiently waiting their turn in the river. The nanga sadhus flock to bathe, proving that one can detach from worldly things. The outcome is an overwhelming, unexpected and extraordinary visual feast.Every 144 years, a Maha (great) Kumbh Mela occurs. It is said that in 2013, more than 120 million pilgrims attended the Maha Kumbh Mela in Allahabad within a span of two months. The gathering was so huge that it was visible from space!Whatever the reasons for the pilgrimage, the Kumbh Mela has proven for centuries that it embodies the Indian spirit. From this whirlwind of activities and swirl of languages and cultures, faith – together with the timeless journey towards forgiveness and redemption – is the one factor that unites people.For more stories and photographs from this issue, check out Asian Geographic Issue 120.Gunther DeichmannShirin BhandariPrevious articleThe Future of LanguageNext articleRevisiting the SamuraiOur Planet, Our Life: Cleaning Up Versova BeachNature’s Lightning ShowEducation and Hope: Inheriting a FutureThe Sky is Bad TodayHomeless, not ShamelessRiding the Golden Eagle: From Russia with LoveIsland Nations of AsiaArticles editor - May 3, 2021What is an Island Nation? An island country is a nation that is made up of one or more islands or land that is surrounded completely by water. Around one-fifth of Asia is made up of island nations, and while island countries are typically small with low populations, some, like...The Pyramid of Gunung PadangHeritage editor - May 18, 2019Megalithic site in Indonesia could be the oldest in the world Gunung Padang Indonesia Göbekli Tepe TurkeyPyramids of Giza EgyptStonehenge EnglandBorobudur IndonesiaRapa Nui Easter IslandMacchu Picchu PeruGunung Padang is once again making headlines as the first pyramid in Southeast Asia and the oldest megalithic site in the world.Recent discoveries as deep as 90 feet found the hill-pyramid to contain...The Hanging Gardens of BabylonHeritage editor - June 17, 2019(Photo: Graphicaartis/Corbis) The Hanging Gardens of Babylon has captured the imagination of historians worldwide for centuries. Yet, its existence remains a debate as years of digging have turned up nothing about the lost Gardens.First described in a book called Babyloniaca by a Chaldean priest named Berossus in 280 BC, the...Asian Geographic Magazine celebrates Asia’s diversity, covering stunning landscapes and travel destinations, environmental issues, travel, heritage, arts and cultures.Based in Singapore, the team has its fingers on the pulse of Asia, scouring the region to bring powerful stories and photographs to its readers and viewers.Titles under Asian Geographic Magazines include its flagship title Asian Geographic as well as diving titles Asian Diver and Scuba Diver in print and UnderWater360 online. 1Relevance3.1Profile3.2External Links4Wikipedia InformationVerbowOye Esteban TourAmerican alternative rock band formed in Chicago and active between the mid-1990s and early 2000s.https://www.discogs.com/artist/936222-VerbowVerbow was an American alternative rock band formed in Chicago and active between the mid-1990s and early 2000s. The band's sound was distinguished by emotionally direct songwriting and their unconventional use of cello.https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/VerbowRetrieved from "https://www.morrissey-solo.com/w/index.php?title=Verbow&oldid=30299"Influenced by Morrissey / The SmithsSupported Morrissey The material in this collection reflects Owen Clough’s political involvements and activities from the turn of the century until the mid 1950s. It reflects his interest in and writings concerning forms of second chamber government, his involvement ...Clough, Ernest Owen Marshall More on this SundayTyrone Wells – MoreMay you have more and more of life and love and happiness today and always!2 thoughts on “More on this Sunday”Shelly on May 16, 2010 at 12:26 pm said:Auburn – what a fantastic song. And particularly meaningful to me this week….thank you for posting it…..Auburn McCanta on May 16, 2010 at 2:02 pm said:I’m glad, Shel … it’s my favorite and I think it was meant just for you. I’m sure of it. A Trilogy in Four VolumesLast Monday I published Islands of the Gulf, Volume Two, the second volume of the second book of my Herbert West trilogy. Ever since I decided to publish the middle book of the trilogy in two volumes, I’ve had niggling doubts, mostly because of the numerical complications. This must be because I am a cataloguer and therefore hyper-conscious of data relating to books.So I decided to clarify things by writing a short history of The Herbert West Trilogy:I wrote the first book, The Friendship of Mortals, in 2000-2001. It is based on H.P. Lovecraft’s story (or rather, six serialized stories) entitled “Herbert West, Reanimator.” By the time I finished it, I realized that a sequel was in order, because unlike HPL’s Herbert West, my protagonist isn’t ripped to shreds at the end. Psychically, perhaps, but not physically.In one of those “why not?” moments, I decided to set the sequel here on the west coast, specifically on a fictional Gulf Island in the waters between British Columbia and Washington State. First I had to get Herbert West — who now called himself Francis Dexter — from New England to the other side of the continent. This was a medium-sized story in itself. Then I had to create the island and the principal characters with whom Herbert/Francis would interact. By the time these interactions played out in 2005, I had a truly huge book on my hands. When I decided to publish it as an ebook on Smashwords, I thought it would be best to issue it in two volumes. Why not two separately titled books? Because the two halves don’t quite stand alone. Both must be read for the complete trajectory.Besides, the word “trilogy” sounds much better than “tetralogy.” Hence, a trilogy in four volumes.Book 1: The Friendship of MortalsBook 2, Volume 1: Islands of the Gulf, Volume OneBook 2, Volume 2: Islands of the Gulf, Volume TwoBook 3: Hunting the PhoenixBooks 1 and 2 are available on Smashwords. Book 3 will appear later this year.Posted in Writing and tagged ebooks, Herbert West Series, trilogies on June 2, 2012 by Audrey Driscoll.← A Writerly MiscellanyUnintentional Plant Abuse → THE AURAL VISION PROJECTKathryn FousePianist Kathryn Fouse is Dean of the College of Visual and Performing Arts at the University of Mary Hardin-Baylor in Belton, TX. In addition to her commitment to education, she continues to maintain an active performing career with recent appearances in such venues as theUniversidad Nacional de Colombia, Bogotá, the World Piano Conference (Novi Sad, Serbia) and the soundSCAPE New Music Festival (Maccagno, Italy) as well as throughout the United States. She holds degrees in Piano Performance from Baylor University (BM), Southern Illinois University at Edwardsville (MM) and the University of North Texas (DMA). Her principal teachers include Eugenia O’Reilly, David Albee, Ruth Slenczynska, and Pamela Mia Paul. Dr. Fouse enjoys sharing her passion for new music with audiences and actively seeks collaborative ventures with like-minded artists. Her research into connections between art and music has been presented at such esteemed institutions as the University of Illinois, Baylor University, the Dallas Art Museum, Gothenburg University (Sweden) and the Norwegian State Academy of Music (Oslo) as well as for the Music Teachers National Association, the College Music Society, and the International Conference on The Arts in Society.Email Kathryn at KFouse@umhb.eduLarry ThompsonLarry Thompson is an artist, and serves as Associate Dean and Professor of Art and Design at Samford University. Thompson holds a BFA in Art and Design from The University of Texas at San Antonio, and an MFA in Painting from The University of North Texas. In addition to this project, Aural Vision, Thompson's recent work includes The Infanttree Project, a year-long project funded by The Andy Warhol Foundation for the Visual Arts, Space One Eleven in Birmingham, and the Alabama Humanities Foundation. The project which opened on September 11, 2015 in Birmingham, and culminated with select pieces being exhibited at the Pentagon in September of 2016 examines the impact of war in post-9/11 America. Thompson's works have been exhibited nationally and internationally. He is an active member of the College Art Association, routinely serving as Career Mentor for junior faculty at CAA's annual conference. Examples of Thompson's work can be found at www.artbylarrythompson.com.Email Larry at Lthompso@samford.eduCopyright © 2019 Aural Vision Project - All Rights Reserved. Father of Innocent Hairdresser Shot Dead in Sydney Gangland Hit Refuses to Leave Her GraveThe grieving father of a hairdresser who was killed in an underworld attack on a gang mum customer refused to leave the cemetery where his daughter was laid to rest after the Islamic funeral performed for her.Amneh “Amy” al-Hazouri was laid to rest on Friday, 13 days after gunmen fired 17 bullets into the car she was sitting in while she was driving. The funeral took place at the Lakemba Mosque in south-west Sydney.As Ms. al-Hazouri sat next to her intended victim, Lametta Fadlallah, 49, she was killed in the crossfire and became a secondary casualty.Her father, Khaled Hazouri, would repeatedly come and sit in the mud at the edge of the newly dug grave site of his daughter. He appeared worn out and was clearly crying each time he did so.He didn’t want to leave the grave site at Rookwood cemetery where his daughter was buried.At the location of Ms. Hazouri’s interment, just inside the fence along a freight train line that backs onto Rookwood Cemetery, he instructed the other mourners, on multiple occasions, to leave him behind.Mr. Hazouri required the assistance of around six persons in order to rise from the grave, and he did so only to find that the most of the sixty mourners had already departed.Mr. Hazouri travelled all the way from Beirut to be there as his daughter went for her trip.Lametta Fadlallah, a friend of the innocent hairstylist Amneh “Amy” al-Hazouri as well as a client of hers, was murdered at the same time as her. It is thought that she was the intended target of the criminal element.Mr. Hazouri was inconsolable as the casket containing his daughter’s body, which was shrouded in a shroud, was lowered into the grave with the assistance of a ladder that was by Mr. Hazouri’s side.After offering prayers at the gravesite, an Oman then walked away as a dump truck deposited soil on top of the casket, leaving approximately sixty people still standing there.Weeping, Mr Hazouri embraced undertaker Ahmad Hraichie.Mourners laid a big wreath of white flowers, bouquets of flowers, and two wreaths in the shape of hearts on top of the grave while a broken Mr. Hazouri sat down on the ground at the side of the cemetery. Your home for inspirational cinema, room rental, and live eventsRent Theater or RoomMiles Between Us (5/8/22)Miles Between Us ***** FREE MOVIE! ***** Luke, a big movie producer, and his now teen daughter Gabby had been estranged due to divorce and Luke’s lack of interest in her life for 12 years. A surprise phone call changes both of their lives as now two strangers go on a road trip across the country, a trip that becomes a more complicated journey than they imagined. This is a touching story of pain, hope, healing, and redemption that every family should watch and every father/daughter will cherish. REVIEWS: “Miles Between Us” is a fabulous movie with a good plot! This film features themes of forgiveness, healing in a relationship,…Only One Way (5/1/22)****** FREE MOVIE! ****** Paul is confused about life. Raised by devoted Christian parents and home schooled throughout his school years, he is emotionally unprepared for the social challenges and experiences of college. Derailed from faith, he runs wild, abandoning his conservative upbringing. But our Heavenly Father’s hand never leaves him, and his heart cannot deny his First Love. When he finally hits the bottom, deliverance comes through love–love for a young woman whose faith draws him home to the truth that there really is Only One Way to find real joy in life. REVIEWS: ”…a cautionary tale that might prove the biblical adage from 1 Corinthians 15:33 that “bad…Indescribable (4/24/22)TWO MEN. 8 CENTURIES. ONE SONG. ****** FREE MOVIE! ******“Amid financial pressures and the uncertainties of World War I, Pastor Frederick Lehman begins to compose a song about the Heavenly Father’s love. When Frederick gets stuck on the third verse, his ten-year-old son, Blynn, calls a sibling council to help Papa finish the song. While the Lehman kids get to work, they waste a lot of paper, explore an old asylum, meet a Jewish ‘Rabbi’, and learns about events that took place 8 centuries earlier. As Blynn grapples with feelings of failure and grief, it’s up to Frederick to help his son discover the truth about the Father’s love. The…Wild Faith (4/10/22)****** FREE MOVIE! ****** “Wild Faith is a moving story about a Civil War veteran named Emmet (Shane Hagedorn), who returns home a hero, but while trying to make peace with his losses and start a new life, finds himself resentful for the treatment he receives from the townspeople after agreeing to house a black woman named Haddie (Lauren LaStrada) and her daughter – post slavery. Facing violence and greatly outnumbered, he struggles to find faith. But a mysterious turn of events provides them with the unexpected help they need to overcome.” REVIEW: “It’s amazing when a story comes to life on the big screen and you feel you’re a…Ava Square209 S Jefferson Street Ava, Missouri 65608<br><br>FOR BOOKING INFORMATION AND LATEST LISTINGS<br>CALL (417) 683-2999and EventsMIRACLES FROM HEAVENBONHOEFFERCRIMES AND MISTER MEANORSCLERICAL ERRORSTHE WAGER© 2018-2022 Bread of Life Giving and Sharing, Inc.Rent the Theater, or Conference Room Tag: A220Air France Might Replace its A320s with Stretched A220sReading Time: < 1 minute Air France and Airbus are discussing a stretched version of the A220 to replace the French airline’s fleet of A320s. Air France recently received its first A220-300 and now is mulling the idea of a further stretched variant to replace its A320 fleet. “We have told Airbus for a long time that we would be […]Airbus Deliveries Surge in March – 72 Commercial Aircraft DeliveredReading Time: < 1 minute The European plane maker Airbus reports 72 commercial aircraft deliveries for March. The company delivered 4 A220, 60 A320 Family (57neo), and 8 A350. The aircraft were distributed between 34 customers, including IndiGo, Delta, Wizz Air, Frontier Airlines, Lufthansa, Viva Air, and more. Total deliveries to date in 2021 are 125 to 44 customers. Airbus […]First Airbus A220 Produced in Mobile Takes off for Maiden FlightReading Time: < 1 minute On 2 June Airbus marked a special milestone. The first Airbus A220-300 built at final assembly line (FAL) in Mobile, Alabama, took off for the maiden flight. According to Airbus, aircraft manufactured for Delta performed ” test sequences” and successfully landed. The 1st Airbus #A220 aircraft produced at the U.S. Manufacturing Facility has flown for […]Bombardier Exits A220 Program Leaving Airbus with 75%Reading Time: < 1 minute Bombardier has announced that it exits the A220 program, former CSeries, and leaves Airbus with 75% ownership, with the remaining 25% held by the Canadian government’s Investissement Quebec. According to the agreement for the Airbus Canada Limited Partnership (Airbus Canada), the Canada’s stake will be redeemable to Airbus starting 2026, this is three years later […]Regional Aircraft Lessor NAC Commits to 20 Airbus A220 AircraftReading Time: < 1 minute The regional aircraft lessor Nordic Aviation Capital (NAC) has signed a firm order for 20 Airbus A220 aircraft, proving a great demand for the type on the market. The order was placed during Paris Air Show and finalized in the end of 2019. One of the biggest leasing companies and the largest regional aircraft lessor […]Airbus Commercial Aircraft 2019: Records In Greater DetailReading Time: 2 minutes Airbus has released its official numbers for 2019. The year appeared to be record-breaking, at least in terms of aircraft delivered: 863 planes to 99 customers worldwide. The amount of aircraft handed over to operators and leasing companies in 2019 has marked the eight per cent increase compared to 2018, when Airbus also broke its […]Airbus to Increase Mobile A320 Production to 7 Aircraft per MonthReading Time: < 1 minute Airbus has announced further boosting production of the A320 Family aircraft in Mobile, first US-based Airbus commercial aircraft manufacturing facility. The expansion is planned amid the 10% import tariff imposed by the US on European-made commercial aircraft. By the beginning of 2021, Airbus said it will produce seven of its A220 and A320 aircraft in […]Air Canada Takes Delivery of Its First A220Reading Time: < 1 minute Air Canada has taken delivery of its first A220-300, designed, built and delivered from the Mirabel A220 programme facilities in Canada. The first aircraft out of an order of 45 will enter service in January 2020, making Air Canada the first airline to operate the A220-300 in North America. The A220 will enable the Montreal-based […]New Biggest European Customer for Airbus A220 Emerges: Air FranceReading Time: < 1 minute Air France fleet modernization is quickly accelerating. Just over a week ago Air France-KLM announced about extending its order for Airbus A350 with 10 additional planes. This time the Group confirmed finalizing order for 60 Airbus A220s. Air France intends to modernize not only its widebody planes, but also single-aisle fleet. With this order Air […]Air Canada’s First A220-300 Takes to the SkiesReading Time: < 1 minute The first A220-300 for Air Canada has successfully completed its inaugural test flight from the Mirabel A220 final assembly line in Canada. The first of 45 aircraft for Air Canada is scheduled to be delivered to the Montreal-based airline in the coming weeks. With its first A220 commercial flight in early 2020, Canada’s flag carrier […] https://awa-kenmokuren.com/archives/763 60% Monthly 2016-11-17 08:44 Tag: Thich Nhat HanhLife Musings, Politics, Race & EthnicityWhat Does It Mean to “Love White People”? On Common and the Absurdity of #HandInLoveMarch 22, 2015 September 17, 2015 Crystal FlemingIt’s sort of beneath my dignity to have to say that I love and have loved quite a few white people, but let’s just put it out there:Yes, some of my very best friends are white folks.I’ve spent a great deal of time in predominately white suburbs of predominately white nations, predominately white schools and predominately white organic grocery stores.By virtue of my minority status and choices, my life involves a lot of working, talking and loving across different types of racial lines. I’m a East-coast raised, Southern-born, multi-generational, multi-racial black woman of U.S. slave ancestry. Unsubstantiated, but persistent, rumor has it that there’s Irish on both sides of my family tree. My family (biological and chosen) includes a diverse array of beautiful people: loved ones from a variety of diasporas, a Haitian godmother, Jews whose families immigrated from Europe.I have a lot to learn and much room for growth, but I live a relatively cosmopolitan life. I like the fact that my hapa girlfriend grew up between California and Tokyo, spent years in Africa and speaks French with a Senegalese accent. I’ve visited a dozen countries and spent a significant portion of my twenties living in Paris. In my personal life, I have made it my business to consciously learn and explore what interracial, anti-racist love looks like. My spirituality is deeply influenced by Eastern traditions and philosophies, including Buddhism and Hinduism (Advaita-Vedanta). As an anti-racist educator and a panentheistic non-dualist, I know that who we are, on an existential level, has absolutely nothing to do with the social fiction of race.And yet, I’m also intimately familiar with the social reality of our collective fictions. While I teach my students that our ideas about race are socially constructed, I also equip them to recognize and understand the very real consequences of past and present racism.What I know for sure is that much of what people say about matters of race and love in public contributes to white supremacy.Continue reading “What Does It Mean to “Love White People”? On Common and the Absurdity of #HandInLove” →Tagged #HandInLove, activism, Audre Lorde, Buddhism, Common, Inequality, Race, Racial Ignorance, racism, Social Justice, Thich Nhat Hanh, white supremacy12 CommentsRace & Ethnicity, Spiritual MusingsWhy The Negro Problem is a Lost CauseJuly 21, 2013 July 21, 2013 Crystal FlemingI want to be very clear about a few things up front before I lay out these ideas, because what I’m going to share is a bit complicated and my argument is probably unlike most of what you have heard and read – possibly ever, and certainly in the wake of the countless reflections on “the race problem” that have emerged in our collective efforts to grapple with what happened to Trayvon Martin.So here are my caveats:This is not, in any way, a minimization of racism and its very real consequences for millions of people who have lived and died in this country – or en route to its shores – since its inception.This is not a post-racial post.This is not a hopeless story.In the days following the Zimmerman verdict, I found myself moving about the world in a heightened state of racial awareness. Going about my business, I observed anxiety as I interacted with strangers I categorized as white — and/or Latino. “What are they thinking? Do they care about the trial? Are they racist?” Walking into a grocery store, I glanced at a pile of newspapers, with a smiling Zimmerman and the verdict in bold letters. And then I glanced at my white neighbors, pushing their carts and picking through cantaloupes. “Are they happy? Are they disappointed? Are they indifferent? Are they allies?”Beyond words, I observed the emotions caught in my chest — the fear, fatigue and frustration. The relief I felt in the middle of aisle 6 when my eyes met those of the one other black person in the store — a woman with graying hair who took a moment to smile at me. I smiled with gratitude in return, but I imagined that she knew it was not a smile of happiness. It was the smile of survivors acknowledging with simple defiance that “We are still here.” It was a smile, tinged with pain and resistance, that black women and men have been wearing in the wake of tragedy for generations.One morning last week, I sensed myself do a double-take when seeing a Latino brother who, to my mind, looked like Zimmerman. In a flash, self judgment and shame: “This man has nothing to do with Zimmerman.” And yet there it was – the ugly seed of prejudice. I saw it in my heart — the heart of an antiracist, a woman who is highly committed to living beyond her own conditioning, with multi-racial, multi-ethnic family members, friends and loved ones of every hue. If this seed can exist in my heart, then it can exist in any heart. In fact, Buddhists teach that the seeds of consciousness and unconsciousness exist inside all of us. We can either choose to water the unconscious seeds or we can choose to wake up to our true nature. Looking at my Latino brother, I saw Zimmerman. I saw Trayvon. And most importantly, I saw myself. In that moment, I knew that part of my spiritual practice in a time of racial crisis must be a renewed decision to water the seeds of compassion, to consciously acknowledge the seeds of prejudice and to be very clear about the core of the human problems that ail us.I’ve always been a big fan of W.E.B. Du Bois. I like to joke that he actually attended my dissertation defense. (This is also a litmus test for determining whether someone actually knows who Du Bois is.) In fact, my defense was to take place in the department’s main seminar room, where Du Bois’ portrait hangs on the wall – the only black face in a sea of whiteness. At the last minute, I was told that we’d have to move to another room. This was so distressing to me that a friend secretly arranged to temporarily steal remove the portrait and place it in the seminar room where I defended my thesis, directly across from my seat.Du Bois’ sociological work has always been near to my heart because he spent so much time thoughtfully and creatively meditating on what he termed “The Negro Problem”. In fact, he wrote (1898) not simply of the Negro problem, but of Negro problems as a multifaceted set of complex social conditions with historical roots and myriad consequences:“A social problem is the failure of an organized social group to realize its group ideals, through the inability to adapt a certain desired line of action to given conditions of life. If, for instance, a government founded on universal manhood suffrage has a portion of its population so ignorant as to be unable to vote intelligently, such ignorance becomes a menacing social problem. The impossibility of economic and social development in a community where a large per cent of the population refuse to abide by the social rules of order, makes a problem of crime and lawlessness… Thus a social problem is ever a relation between conditions and action, and as conditions and actions vary and change from group to group from time to time and from place to place, so social problems change, develop and grow. Consequently, though we ordinarily speak of the Negro problem as though it were one unchanged question, students must recognize the obvious facts that this problem, like others, has had a long historical development, has changed with the growth and evolution of the nation; moreover, that it is not one problem, but rather a plexus of social problems, some new, some old, some simple, some complex; and these problems have their one bond of unity in the act that they group themselves about those Africans whom two centuries of slave trading brought into the land.”As a social scientist, Du Bois concerned himself with the social dimensions of the problematic features of black life in the United States. In The Philadelphia Negro – the first significant urban sociological study in the history of American sociology – Du Bois argued and empirically demonstrated that whites’ anti-black discrimination resulted in reduced opportunities for blacks, limiting where they could live, the jobs they could occupy, their social environments and the even the functioning of their families. While his work was largely ignored by mainstream sociologists during his life, over a century later, his insights into the dynamics of race, discrimination and opportunity are highly influential and have been so for several decades. And Du Bois’ related meditations on the subjective dimensions of oppression, as seen for example in The Souls of Black Folks, continue to shape our understandings of race in America.At some point in my 20s, a startling and depressing thought occurred to me: The Negro Problem is a lost cause. In long discussions with friends, activists, teachers and family members, we would always come to a point where we’d throw our hands up in resignation to the seemingly eternal nature of the bullshit. I began to suspect that the mutlifacted and institutionalized problems that Du Bois and so many others have explained could be improved — but only to a point. Like many students of race, I found myself struggling to imagine that racism could ever be eradicated. And more than this, it also seemed that the black/white wealth gap — which is only one dimension of racial oppression — would in all likelihood never be erased. Over the years, it became increasingly clear to me that while our society certainly can and has become more tolerant, there are certain features of our history that have produced path-dependent effects — effects that will probably linger, in some way, shape or form, for a very long time to come.This feeling – which first emerged in the classroom – was reinforced when I went into the field and began interviewing nearly 200 people of African descent in the United States and France. As I probed their views on race and racism, I heard that many of them believed that the problem of race cuts to the core of something fundamental about the human experience. In the voices of many black people I met, on both sides of the Atlantic, was an acknowledgment that the struggle against racism feels interminable because its really a struggle against the human condition. It is a struggle at the core of the human heart. The question is: Can this problem be undone? Or will we forever be undone by it?If we try to solve our race issues by nibbling around the edges of oppression, by making superficial changes, by merely signing petitions, taking to the streets, by engaging in political movements, by becoming more entrenched in our racial identities — if this is all that we do, then yes, I am arguing that the Negro problem is indeed a lost cause. We might as well go home now. Game over.But if we begin to acknowledge that the Negro problem is not really a Negro problem at all, then there may in fact be hope for us. What we really have is an Ego problem — and yes, it is at the heart of the human condition. But this is not a death sentence. Another way is possible, but it will require that we transcend the ordinary ways in which we’ve been conditioned to think about ourselves and each other. It will require us to see the N(eg)r(o) problem not simply as a social problem, the way Du Bois did, but rather as a special form of something more universal, something more pernicious, something more intimate than “structural discrimination” or “the system”. Undoing the N(eg)r(o) problem is not even primarily about other people. It must begin with each of us getting real about how we see ourselves and the consequences of these beliefs for how we interact with others. So what does the ego have to do with the Negro? And what does any of this have to do with bringing about a more just society?Years ago when I read Eckhart Tolle’s “The Power of Now”, I noted with pleasure the fact that he acknowledged — albeit briefly — race in his work. In describing the endlessly varied dimensions of egoic identification, he writes:“Since the ego is a derived sense of self, it needs to identify with external things. It needs to be both defended and fed constantly. The most common ego identifications have to do with possessions, the work you do, social status and recognition, knowledge and education, physical appearance special abilities, relationships personal and family history, belief systems, and often also political, nationalistic, racial, religious and other collective identifications. None of these is you.”What does it mean to say that you are not your egoic identity? Does it mean that your identities do no matter? That the way others identify you has no consequence? Absolutely not. To say that we are not the ego is to bring attention to the fact that we go through life believing that we are the ideas we have of ourselves — so much so that most of us don’t even realize that we are acting upon this core belief.. what Mooji calls our belief in the “I-entity”. We take our self-concept for granted, as though it actually, concretely, represents who we are.Tolle is simply stating that logically, this cannot be true. To say that you are not your ego – that you are not your identity – is to gently point out the incontrovertible truth that you cannot be any idea that you have of yourself. “You” – your presence, your consciousness – must precede everything else. This isn’t even about spirituality at all – it’s simple logic. Think about it for a moment. Can you be an idea? Or do you have ideas? And if you have ideas, Who is it that has it? Does that Who have a gender, a nationality, status, sexuality, height or weight? Does that Who have an age? Does that Who have a race?Sociologists are very good at describing our social problems and — sometimes — proposing some measures of improvement. But we cannot solve them with empirical studies and well-couched policy implications alone.In fact, we cannot solve the race problem inside the race problem. Does this mean that we should simply transcend race? Of course not. Why? Because it is not possible to transcend something without first acknowledging it! Biases based on appearances are hardwired into our social conditioning through our interactions with others and our absorption of language. Bias is not something we can simply choose to let go of or disregard without first becoming acutely aware of how it has shaped — and continues to shape — the way we live our lives.bell hooks teaches us that one of the key mechanisms of racial oppression is convincing human beings to see themselves primarily as racial subjects. I concur and argue that we must see racialized thinking for what it is — a particular form of a more general phenomena — the socially reinforced habit of thinking that we are defined by the thoughts we have about ourselves and others. Effective antiracist activism will require acknowledging race and racism from a place beyond race and racism.When we think that we are our racial identities and our racial thoughts, we perpetuate systems of inequality – not only out there in the world but also and primarily inside of our own experience. As long as I think I am merely my ideas, then those ideas are dependent on validation, either from other thoughts of my own, or thoughts from others. As long as I think I am merely my ideas, I cannot be totally awake and alive to my full humanity.This isn’t woo-woo-woo spirituality . . . it’s simply a fact. The tendency to reduce ourselves and others to thoughts of any kind blinds us to our inherent worth and the worth of others. And it is impossible for us to make truly positive change in this world, change that will last, if we are not aware of our inalienable worth, beyond thoughts, beyond social conditioning, beyond what we have learned to believe. Prejudice of all kind stems from a human being mistaking themselves for an idea (egoic identity) and seeing others they interact with through the lens of that delusion. Thus, instead of interacting with other human beings, in their full presence, the unconsciously prejudiced person interacts with them as stereotypes — as mere ideas… ideas that can be ranked, negated, diminished and disregarded.The Negro problem, as traditionally defined, may be a lost cause, but the Ego problem is not. I don’t have the secret of how we will once and for all solve these pernicious problems, but I know for sure that we cannot do it without sustained awareness, honesty and transparency about our egoic impulses and the ways in which we have all been influenced by the biases we’ve absorbed through socialization. Being biased is part of what it means to be human. Living beyond those biases, in the light of awareness and compassion, is what it means to be Divine.Part of unpacking the ego is becoming more (not less) aware of our own racial lenses. We must see ourselves beyond ego, yes, but we must also pay attention to the way our conditioned mind reacts when we encounter others – and take responsibility for living beyond the bullshit. What expectations and prejudices do we have when we interact with people we perceive as different? What thoughts — good, bad, or otherwise — arise when we see folks we categorize into “groups”? What feelings do we experience when we encounter “one of them”? Can we witness these thoughts and feelings without judgment? In so doing, can we become more alive to that part of ourselves that witnesses our social conditioning but has Itself never been conditioned? Can we become more alive to the Presence that is at the core of ourselves and every other living being?When we are faced with racism, it is very tempting to be unconsciously dragged down into racializing others in return. But this is a terrible mistake. If we are going to help others wake up to their own racism, we must first wake up to our own racial concepts and in so doing, see beyond them. From that place – in the racial world but not of it – we can rise in consciousness, inflecting our activism for social justice with wisdom and compassion, empowered with an unshakable confidence in Who we really are. For, as bell hooks writes:“To move beyond race is not only the goal of critical thinking, it is the only path to emotional longevity, the only true path to liberation.”What I’m trying to say here is that we don’t, in fact, have to move beyond race, because what we really are has always been beyond it. What we have to do is consciously realize what is already the case, by waking up to the part of ourselves that has never been defined by ideas, racial or otherwise — the part of ourselves that is Consciousness Itself.Tagged Antiracism, bell hooks, Compassion, Eckhart Tolle, Ego, engaged buddhism, Mooji, prejudice, Race, racial bias, racism, Sociology, Spirituality, Thich Nhat Hanh, Trayvon Martin, W.E.B. Du Bois12 CommentsLife Musings, Spiritual MusingsNo Hair. Don’t Care. My New (Bald) LookIf you follow this blog closely, you’ll know that I’ve been progressively letting go of my egoic attachment to hair. Earlier this year I did a big chop — with a pair of scissors, that resulted in 2/3 of my hair ending up on my bathroom floor.After my big chop in JanuaryGoing short felt liberating. But something in me wanted to go all the way. It was not so much a question of if, as when. While visiting Thich Nhat Hanh’s Blue Cliff Monastery a few months ago, I spent some time with a few Buddhist nuns — women who deeply impressed me, not only with their wisdom and spiritual strength but also with their bald heads.My hair journey, over the last six months . .I’ve loved my shorter hair – so much so that I’ve documented the transformation with an endless stream of selfies that I periodically post on twitter. But all good things must come to an end.As we’ve moved ever more deeply into the bowels of global warming the hottest summer ever, my fro, even in its diminished form, has just felt like too much to bear. It’s been really fucking hot on the East Coast this week. We’re talking day after day of 95+ with intense humidity. Even with just 1/3 of my hair on my head, my curly fro was a heat magnet. Yes, it was low maintenance — shower ‘n go — but I had to deal with all that heat stuck up in my head . . . and I’d wake up looking like Don King. Not that there’s anything wrong with Don King, but it really just wasn’t the “good morning” I was looking for.Anywho, last night it occurred to me: If I’m tired of my hair, why am I still wearing it? What is keeping me from the big shave? In a flurry of excitement, I decided that I would go to the barber first thing in the morning. I almost attempted to shave it myself but, with five inches of hair on my head, and no barber skills whatsoever, reason won over enthusiasm.It didn’t really feel like a decision so much as it felt like a calling. I was simply compelled to do it. If I have to come up with reasons, we could say it was personal, weather related and spiritual. For sure, it is a way of sacrificing a little more vanity (though I still have wellsprings where that came from) and practicing even more non-attachment to my pre-conceived notions of what beauty and femininity are all about. But really, there was no one reason. It just finally felt right.So, here it is. My new look – and my first time being bald since I was a fetus. I was born with hair so this is literally the only time post-womb that I have moved about on Earth with an unencumbered scalp. It’s like meeting myself for the first time. I love it — and I love me, for having the courage to experience this freedom.Tagged attachments, Buddhism, Ego, selfies, Thich Nhat Hanh, vanity, Women with bald heads5 CommentsCall Me By My True NamesI am always reminded of this beautiful poem by Thich Nhat Hanh, the Vietnamese Buddhist monk and peace activist, when I am pained by injustice.Do not say that I’ll depart tomorrowbecause even today I still arrive.Look deeply: I arrive in every secondto be a bud on a spring branch,to be a tiny bird, with wings still fragile,learning to sing in my new nest,to be a caterpillar in the heart of a flower,to be a jewel hiding itself in a stone.I still arrive, in order to laugh and to cry,in order to fear and to hope.The rhythm of my heart is the birth anddeath of all that are alive.I am the mayfly metamorphosing on the surface of the river,and I am the bird which, when spring comes, arrives in timeto eat the mayfly.I am the frog swimming happily in the clear pond,and I am also the grass-snake who, approaching in silence,feeds itself on the frog.I am the child in Uganda, all skin and bones,my legs as thin as bamboo sticks,and I am the arms merchant, selling deadly weapons toUganda.I am the twelve-year-old girl, refugee on a small boat,who throws herself into the ocean after being raped by a seapirate,and I am the pirate, my heart not yet capable of seeing andloving.I am a member of the politburo, with plenty of power in myand I am the man who has to pay his “debt of blood” to, mydying slowly in a forced labor camp.My joy is like spring, so warm it makes flowers bloom in allwalks of life.My pain is like a river of tears, so full it fills the four oceans.Please call me by my true names,so I can hear all my cries and laughs at once,so I can see that my joy and pain are one.so I can wake up,and so the door of my heart can be left open,the door of compassion.Tagged Buddhism, Compassion, Spirituality, Thich Nhat Hanh9 CommentsMarch 22, 2013 March 22, 2013 Crystal Fleming..and Nisargadatta Maharaj and Eckhart Tolle and Thich Nhat Hanh and the Bhagavad Gita.For the time being anyway.After a year and a half of fairly intense seeking and transformation, I’m going on a spiritual diet. The realization of my oneness with the Absolute has been beautifully assisted by these teachings & teachers.. but enough is enough. At this point I am reading and hearing the same things over and over again. Now I simply want to live it. No guided meditations or videos or texts. No more crutches. Just this moment and the direct experience of the Divine.Like my veganish, rawish, gluten-freeish eating experiment, I’m doing this without a set timetable or goal.It’s become clear that all this spiritualizing is holding something up. What, I am not entirely sure. But I know I need to go these next few steps alone. As Presence.Tagged Consciousness, Eckhart Tolle, Mooji, Nonduality, Presence, Spirituality, Thich Nhat Hanh25 CommentsPopping this Blog’s CherryJune 26, 2012 July 15, 2014 Crystal FlemingThis blog is a space for me to share realizations, questions and musings related to spirituality. It is inevitable not impossible that you may also stumble over posts about academia, France, thrifty fashion, cooking, champagne, cigars, social theory, activism, Mad Men and the existential angst of Blackness.My spiritual practice draws upon two main principles at the core of a variety of Western and Eastern traditions:(1) We are all interconnected(2) What is real in existence is the conscious experience of the present momentImproving group relations through harmonious cooperation, compassion, empathy and reconciliation depends upon our ability to recognize our fundamental ties to all other living beings. This is what Buddhist monk, poet and activist Thict Nhat Hanh refers to as “inter-being”.My spiritual work lies at the intersection of nondual theology and philosophy within Christianity, Hinduism and Buddhism. The common thread running throughout my academic, spiritual and social projects is an interest in promoting compassionate action and conscious awareness by bringing attention to the tools we can use to alleviate human suffering.I’m principally influenced by the teachings of Eckhart Tolle, Mooji, Alan Watts, Ernest Holmes, Joel Goldsmith and Thich Nhat Hanh.Tagged Advaita Vedanta, Alan Watts, Alcohol, Beginnings, Buddhism, Christian Mysticism, Cigars, Eckhart Tolle, Ernest Holmes, Fruit, Joel Goldsmith, Mad Men, Mooji, Thich Nhat Hanh4 Comments A Woman's Paris~ Joie de vivreFrench Impressions: Catherine Watson on literary travel writing and memoirPosted by A Woman’s Paris™ in Interviews: French ImpressionsBaby Boomers, Catherine Watson, Ernest Hemingway, F Scott Fitzgerald, France, Hemingway, Home on the Road by Catherine Watson, Mark Twain, memoir writing, Minneapolis Star Tribune, Minnesota Book Awards, Napoleon Bonaparte, Paris, Richard Halliburton, Roads Less Traveled by Catherine Watson, Robert Lewis Stevenson, Society of American Travel Writers, The Lowell Thomas Travel Journalist of the Year, travel writing and photography, women and travelCatherine Watson is a travel writer, photographer and writing coach who teaches literary travel writing and memoir in university-level workshops in the United States and abroad.She was the first Travel Editor at the Minneapolis Star Tribune and remained its chief travel writer and photographer from 1978 to 2004.Her travel essays have appeared in 14 anthologies and two of her own collections, “Home on the Road’’ (Syren, 2007) and “Roads Less Traveled,” (Syren, 2005). Both were Minnesota Book Awards finalists.Watson’s national awards include the top two in her field – The Lowell Thomas Travel Journalist of the Year and the Society of American Travel Writers (SATW) Photographer of the Year. Catherine Watson is the 2012 Distinguished Educator in the University of Minnesota’s College of Continuing Education.She divides her at-home time between a 1926 cottage in Minneapolis and an 1869 farmhouse that she restored in historic Galena, Illinois. Visit Catherine’s Web site at: www.catherinewatsontravel.comAWP: What is it about women and travel?CW: Why is it so important to so many of us? I think a lot has to do, at least historically, with the more sheltered role women traditionally have played or been required to play in Western culture. Women of past generations, including my mother and grandmother, grew up wanting to travel but couldn’t – whether the reasons were propriety or poverty or perceived priorities.But now those restraints have loosened, and international travel isn’t a distant dream anymore. Now, even with high air fares, it’s within reach for anyone in the middle class, male or, happily, female alike.You know that old pop song with this refrain – “Go where you wanna, wanna go… Do what you wanna, wanna do….’’ ? I heard it on the radio this week, while I was driving back to Minneapolis from northern Minnesota, and I reacted the way I have every time I’ve heard it for what must be 30 years. It made me want to step on the gas, shoot right past my own exit, and keep on going to Somewhere Else. In this case, I chose to go home, but it was MY choice, not anyone else’s.AWP: Some women are predisposed, each in her own way, toward the passion for travel — through fantasy, family or a cultural context. Some may have already held a piece of their narrative. What do you think?CW: All of the above, especially the predisposition. I’d even be tempted to say it’s genetic. Some people – not just women – want to see the world. And some want to stay home.Oddly, this difference gets more pronounced – and, I think, more gender-related – as people age: Many women, after their children are grown and launched, seem to reinvent themselves. Fewer men, in my experience, do that – perhaps because their roles change less as they age.But for women, especially in their 50s and beyond, the impulse to travel may be something they had to put on hold while their home and family roles were top priorities. Now they can take advantage of the free time, good health and financial independence that so many Baby Boomers share. Never before in history have so many women – or men – been granted this amazing coincidenceAWP: What sparked your interest in other cultures?CW: It was a long combination of things: Fantasy, family and something I can’t label – fate, for lack of a better word. I truly don’t remember a time when I didn’t want to travel.My mother was Canadian. Her mother was the daughter of Norwegian immigrants and didn’t speak English till she was five. My father came from Montana, which sounded about as exotic to a little girl in Minneapolis, Minnesota, as Canada did.My father was stationed in Europe during WWII, and his stories are some of my earliest memories. I loved hearing about London blackouts and pea-soup fogs, about the elegant women in Paris (“you’d never know there had been a war,’’ he told me once), and about the small chateau near Chartres where he and fellow officers lived after the Invasion of Europe. I knew what the Eiffel Tower looked like before I’d ever seen a picture of the Washington Monument.I spent my childhood reading my father’s collection of Tarzan books with my best friend, Karen, then inventing and acting out our own Tarzan adventures, which made “Little Women’’ and playing “bride’’ seem pretty pale. When I was a little older, I started reading archaeology books, and that stayed a passion until I was in college and worked on a dig in Lebanon in 1963.But what really did it is what my four younger siblings and I regard as the best part of our childhoods: Classic family road trips, in spades. My father saved his vacation all year so we could take off for 5 or 6 weeks at a time each summer and drive around the country. We did it for 15 summers, most of it with a silver travel trailer (an Avion, not an Airstream), on trips that ranged from the Arctic Circle to the Yucatan, all Canadian provinces and all U.S. states.We kids didn’t exactly take these trips for granted, but we took them in stride – that is, we took them as a given. Trips were something we just DID. I don’t remember that we kids discussed how different our summers were from our friends’ – they just WERE.My parents were gone before the enormity of those trips hit me – thousands of miles a year, before there were KOA campgrounds or RV parks, and they brought us all home safe every time. Now I understand the preparation that took, and it amazes me. Before our first trip into Mexico, for example, they both took 2 years’ of night-school Spanish.AWP: Napoleon Bonaparte, (1769-1821) Emperor of the French, founder of the bureaucratic structure of the modern French state, and reactionary pragmatist regarding women, said in a letter written in 1795: A woman, in order to know what is due her and what her power is, must live in Paris for six months. In what way does this hold true with your experience living abroad? How do we understand this statement today?CW: Napoleon, of course, thought Paris was the center of civilization, but he had a point. Whether it’s Paris or some other foreign city or just a village in some other country, I think it is important for all Americans – not just women – to see life from a different culture’s viewpoint. And to see ourselves.As a nation, we still act as if we live on a giant island. That keeps us, as individuals, from feeling interconnected with the rest of the world. The world is changing faster than we are, and too many of us don’t understand that. But spend some time outside our borders, with your eyes and ears open, and you will never again think we are law unto ourselves.AWP: What is the most surprising thing you’ve learned?CW: That the people you meet will touch your heart far more than the famous sights you see.AWP: Can you share experiences from your personal diaries?CW: I shared the best of my experiences with Star Tribune readers over the years and then put my favorites into my two books. There’s still a lot to work with, though I can’t tackle that here. I got a diary for Christmas when I was 9 – the same year I got a Brownie Hawkeye box camera – and I’ve kept a journal ever since. The early entries were pretty sporadic, but I’ve done it steadily (not daily, but steadily) since I was 13. That’s about three bookshelves worth of journals, so it’s better if I just try to answer further questions from memory!AWP: Your student exchange programs — American Field Service to Germany in high school and the Minnesota SPAN Project to Lebanon in college — were your early experiences living in a culture not your own. How has the idea of living and study abroad changed since you went? Do the Internet and other new technologies make a true living or travel abroad experience obsolete?CW: On the plus side, social media make it a lot easier to connect with people in other cultures BEFORE you go and to stay in touch with them after the trip.For proof, just look at the role that new communication technologies played in the events of the Arab Spring. It’s another first-time-in-history thing: Everyone in the world can be connected now. And anyone, anywhere, who can get his/her hands on a cellphone is instantly a citizen journalist.I wouldn’t say the idea of a “true’’ travel experience is obsolete, but it’s certainly less intimidating – although a first-time traveler doesn’t know (or really care) what someone else’s experience USED to be. I mean, we can’t go live in Paris in the 1920s, anymore than we can hang out with Hemingway and F. Scott while we’re there. Our Paris will be different, but it will still be valid, because it is uniquely OURs.That said, I think a young student or first-time-on-your-own traveler doesn’t get to feel as independent as travelers used to be, simply because it’s so easy to stay in touch with “home,’’ whatever you perceive that to be.My youngest sister, who was an AFS exchange student in Central America in the early 1970s, agrees. A couple of years ago, I emailed her from Kathmandu, when I’d just come off a raft trip in Nepal and wanted her to know I was okay.That’s good, she wrote back, “but I liked it better when it took all day to call home from Costa Rica.’’AWP: Several of our contributors have lived abroad or have worked in France, Francophone countries and countries around the world. Many followers are preparing to study or live abroad. What would you say to them?CW: Do it. Stay as long as you can. Then do it again, somewhere else.AWP: Trained as a journalist, you’ve been a pioneer in voice travel writing for American newspapers. You were the first travel editor at the Minneapolis Star Tribune and its chief travel writer and photographer from 1978 to 2004. What is the most significant change you have witnessed in travel writing for news organizations?CW: The Internet means there are a lot more ways to get published – but not as many ways to get paid.AWP: Your career has taken you around the world three times, to all seven continents and into 115 countries. How would you describe your life, on assignment, traveling alone?CW: The old adage, “He travels fastest who travels alone,’’ turns out to be true. Going alone means you have to turn outward, you talk to more strangers, you ask more questions, and you learn more about where you are than if you’re traveling with someone else. I think of it as the “throw yourself on the mercy of strangers’’ approach.Plus, I needed to travel alone, most of the time, because I was working. Travel writing is NOT a vacation. (Anyone who says it is just isn’t working hard enough.) I worked harder on trips than I ever had to work at home, and it paid off with more stories and more depth.AWP: Your work has won many awards, including the top two in the field: Lowell Thomas Travel Journalist of the Year and the Society of American Travel Writers Photographer of the Year. Your writings appear in a dozen anthologies, including Best Women’s Travel Writing 2012, Best Travel Writing 2010 and Best Women’s Travel Writing 2009 from Travelers’ Tales Books and Best American Travel Writing 2008 from Houghton Mifflin Books. How has this experience changed your world?CW: Actually, it didn’t. All those honors came AFTER – after I’d taken a trip, after I’d written a story. I am humbled by the awards, and deeply, deeply grateful for them, but what changed me was the travel itself and the work – the discoveries that come when you try to analyze an experience, pull out its essence and pass that on to readers.AWP: Your own collections of travel essays, Road Less Traveled: Dispatches from the Ends of the Earth and Home on the Road: Further Dispatches from the Ends of the Earth. Both were Minnesota Book Award finalists and won Best Books awards from the Society of American Travel Writers Central States. How has the idea of women and travel writing changed since you began? What do you think today’s women writers and photographers bring to the travelers’ experience?CW: I think women are generally less intimidating than men. I mean, we look harmless, which makes it easier for us to approach a stranger with questions. I also think – I know I’m generalizing – but I really do think that we are more comfortable with emotion.Which is an advantage: If you’re trying to connect your readers with another culture, empathy is crucial, and you have to be able to project it honestly. As I tell my travel writing students, approach people as if you care – and then CARE. If you ask a question, you stick around for the answer – all of the answer.If I had to sum up what I’ve learned from being a travel writer, it boils down to this: Never walk away from someone else’s life story. And always put your readers first – you’re doing all this FOR them.AWP: You teach intensive university-level workshops in travel writing and memoir in the U.S. and abroad. In 2012 these included workshops for the Madeline Island School of the Arts, Hamline University and the University of Minnesota’s LearningLife Program. What is the aim of your workshops? Who participates?CW: I teach travel writing and personal narrative writing together because they are both forms of memoir and use very similar techniques. I promise all my participants that I will help them make their writing better. I can’t promise they’ll get published, but I can pretty much guarantee improvement. I’ve been teaching for nearly 20 years, and so far, I’ve been able to keep that promise.As with all the continuing education programs and arts workshops I know, the participants are overwhelmingly female and usually over 45. They are all people who like writing – whether it’s “something for my grandchildren’’ or a full-blown, well-crafted, published book – like my student Jane Congdon’s brave coming-of-age memoir, “It Started with Dracula: The Count, My Mother and Me’’ (Betty Youngs Books, 2011).Travel WritersAWP: You are an authority on the history of travel literature. Who is considered the most important of the earlier writers in this genre? Why?CW: The traveler’s tale goes back as far as human stories have been recorded, which means the oral tradition goes back eons farther. And in its essence, travel literature hasn’t changed very much over those eons:It is still A TALE TOLD BY AN OUTSIDER – someone who goes away, has experiences in a foreign place, AND COMES BACK TO TELL THE FOLKS AT HOME ABOUT IT.Early examples? Well, there’s the Bible’s account of Noah and the Flood. And Bernal Diaz del Castillo’s “The Conquest of New Spain.’’ And thousands and thousands of others.It’s hard to pull out classics, though, because travel writing is always tied to a particular place and time. That means it gets dated in a way that classic fiction doesn’t. I mean, if I write about life in Yorkshire NOW, it’ll be out of date in a couple of years. “Wuthering Heights,’’ on the other hand….AWP: You also lecture on the genres masters, including Mark Twain, Ernest Hemingway, Robert Louis Stevenson and Richard Halliburton, who is largely forgotten today. What sparked your interest in these writers?CW: Mark Twain because he basically invented modern American travel writing – the use of the natural, “American’’ voice to talk directly to his readers. And because he’s so incredibly prolific and varied and just plain GOOD. He wrote 5 travel books and became a national hit with his first, “The Innocents Abroad,’’ about the first-ever international pleasure cruise, from the U.S. to Europe and the Near East and back. After it came out in 1867, he was never again – ever – out of print.Hemingway because I like his clean journalistic style – he too altered American literature for the better with that style – and because I am fascinated by his life, especially in his youthful years in Paris.Stevenson because he chose to spend the last of his short life sailing the South Seas. He settled in Samoa, was buried on a mountaintop there – I climbed up to see his grave a few years ago – and is still known by the name Samoans called him, The Teller of Tales.Halliburton was flat-out the most exuberant traveler – and travel writer – I’ve ever read. Gushy, if you want to be harsh, even superficial.But in 1920s and ‘30s America, he was as well-known as any celeb today. Just wildly popular.In an age when pleasure travel mostly still belonged to the rich, he showed ordinary Americans that they could do it too. Both my parents had read his books – starting with his first, “The Royal Road to Romance’’ – and loved them, so I did too.AWP: What modern trend do you think each would love most?CW: I think Mark Twain would have loved Post-It Notes. And he’d have hated email.AWP: In the description of your book: Road Less Traveled: Dispatches from the Ends of the Earth, your describe it as “vivid, lyrical, sometimes humorous, always sensitive, leading readers beyond exotic geography and into the rich terrain of the human heart.” What is that image, rich terrain of the human heart, like?CW: There isn’t room to answer that fully, but I’m talking about the human soul – mine and other people’s. When something touched me, I tried to pass it on so it would touch others.AWP: In your second collection of essays: “Home on the Road: Further Dispatches from the Ends of the Earth,” you state that “you take readers to the far corners of the globe, sharing rich encounters with other lives, insights into the human spirit, and the bittersweet tension between home and away.” How do you capture that tension?CW: It’s the first words of the title that I need to explain. I have always felt more “at home’’ when I’m traveling, because I grew up shy and insecure and, predictably, I never felt I “fit’’ where home was supposed to be. More accurately, I felt like a tourist AT HOME.I am more comfortable on the road. I am my best self then. And I like being that person a lot more than the habit-bound one I turn into at home.The struggle, for me, is about wanting to be in two places at the same time. Wanting to be home and wanting to be away. I have always alternated – my reality is wherever I am at the time, and I always feel that home freezes in place when I’m not there, and the same thing happens in reverse. If I go back to a place I’ve been, no matter where, I’m always surprised that other people’s lives went on without me.AWP: Coming in 2013 Open Road, your third collection of essays, will be issued as an E-book. Why is now the right time to publish your book? Did you feel a need to share a particular time and place for travelers in the style of today?CW: I think the right time to publish is whenever you can. Meaning when you’ve finished a book, or article, or even a letter – and you’ve done your best – then you seek publication. Publishing experts and literary critics may say something else, but on a personal level, what matters is your life and your story. And you can’t time those things, anymore than you can pick the era you wanted to be born.AWP: What is the last book you read? Would you recommend it? Why?CW: “Early Candlelight,’’ by Maud Hart Lovelace. It’s about my hometown, Fort Snelling, the birthplace of modern Minnesota. I just finished a short piece about early Fort Snelling for the Los Angeles Times, and I re-read this charming historical romance before I turned to the heavier histories.I’d rather tell you what I’m reading now: “Along With Youth: Hemingway, the Early Years,” by Peter Griffin and Jack Hemingway.AWP: Was being stylish important to you growing up?CW: Not as much as it was for most other girls, I think. I wasn’t exactly in-the-moment growing up. I was always focused on being somewhere else, someday. But I had a beautiful mother, who was also intelligent and kind, and she was a good role model – always managing to be well-dressed on a shoe-string.In college in the ‘60s, I dressed in style and was once briefly ahead of it: I was the first person I knew to have her hair cut like Ringo Starr, which made me briefly popular at parties.And then I became a journalist. I never felt powerful in a dress at work, and they weren’t really practical: You can’t cover a fire or a Civil War reenactment in one. Besides, newspaper offices are notoriously casual – a colleague at the Star Tribune once suggested we have “dress-up Fridays’’ – so I mostly wore tailored slacks, shirts and sweaters.Now that I work from home, I dress up only when I’m teaching a class, going to a wedding or giving a talk. Otherwise, I’m in yoga clothes. I am, however, kind of addicted to watching “What Not To Wear.’’AWP: How do you express your own style or fashion? What style advice would you give women traveling today?CW: Pack light, of course. The airlines have actually done more to get travelers to do that than any newspaper advice column, mine or otherwise. Now packing heavy really costs you money.AWP: Tell me about your cooking and eating habits and traditions.CW: I should have known we’d get to this! I don’t cook, unless you count toasted cheese sandwiches and chili omelets. Happily, my significant other is Al Sicherman, a former food writer for the Star Tribune, who is an excellent cook. He feeds me. Which means he also protects me. I am allergic to peanuts – deathly so – and that makes experimenting with food something I cannot do. So Al runs interference for me when we go out to eat, keeps a “peanut-free kitchen’’ the way some people keep kosher, and reads the complete ingredient lists on any packaged foods I might touch.I carry pre-loaded epinephrine syringes at all times, even at home. In places like East Africa and SE Asia, where peanuts are ubiquitous, I live on bananas, plain rice and tea. I never told my bosses about this for fear they wouldn’t let me travel, but fortunately, they never asked me to write about food in other countries.AWP: What is in your refrigerator right now?CW: Uh….yogurt, Jell-O cups, pomegranate juice, sparkling water and a couple of frozen pizzas. Sorry.AWP: If you were at a dinner party, what question would you be asked?CW: Where ya been lately?Catherine Watson’s next workshop is INNER JOURNEYS: TRAVEL WRITING FROM THE HEART, at Ghost Ranch at Abiquiu, New Mexico, Oct. 7 – Oct. 13, 2012. Registration is still open. Go to www.ghostranch.org for details.Book Recommendations: by Catherine WatsonI put individual recommendations on my website, www.catherinewatsontravel.com. But in a nutshell, any of the Travelers’ Tales collections would be a good place to start.The Best Travel Writing 2010, Travelers’ Tales BooksThe Best Women’s Travel Writing 2009, Traveler’s Tales2008 Best American Travel Writing, Houghton MifflinBest Travel Writing 2008, Traveler’s TalesEncounters with the Middle East, Traveler’s Tales, 2007A Woman’s World Again, Traveler’s Tales, 2007Traveler’s Tales Turkey, Traveler’s Tales, 2002A Woman’s Passion for Travel, Traveler’s Tales, 1999Tuesdays in Tanzania, Three Rivers Press, 1997A Woman’s World, Traveler’s Tales,1995You may also enjoy A Woman’s Paris® blog, The Stones of Carnac, by award-winning travel writer and photographer, Catherine Watson. Catherine’s career has taken her around the world three times, to all seven continents and into 115 countries. Writing about the giant stones that linger at this prehistoric site in northwestern France. Giant stones that march in rows across the French landscape, shouldering their way over rises, past houses, through farm fields – a granite army, 3,000 strong.Wherever you go, you always meet a Breton, by Bénédicte Mahé, who is in her mastère-spécialisé final trimester doing an internship in Paris. Bénédicte, who was born in Rennes, asks us to take out our notebooks and pens and get ready for a lesson on Brittany. Recipe included for Far Breton (with prunes), a crêpe for your sweet tooth!D-Day Travel Guide: For American visitors to Normandy, France, by Alan Davidge, D-Day tours historian, Normandy. Alan has managed to seek out a number of places of significance that do not usually feature in guidebooks. Guides included.French Impressions: Christine Loÿs and her passion for travel and modern exploration. Christine Loÿs, documentary filmmaker and author, writing about her work as an independent journalist and contributor to many kinds of media, including television. She played an important role in communications during the Transantarctica expedition let by Will Steger and Dr. Jean-Louis Etienne.A Woman’s Paris — Elegance, Culture and Joie de VivreWe are captivated by women and men, like you, who use their discipline, wit and resourcefulness to make their own way and who excel at what the French call joie de vivre or “the art of living.” We stand in awe of what you fill into your lives. Free spirits who inspire both admiration and confidence.Fashion is not something that exists in dresses only. Fashion is in the sky, in the street, fashion has to do with ideas, the way we live, what is happening. — Coco Chanel (1883 – 1971)Text copyright ©2012 Catherine Watson. All rights reserved.Illustrations copyright ©Barbara Redmond. All rights reserved.barbara@awomansparis.com1 thought on “French Impressions: Catherine Watson on literary travel writing and memoir”Pingback: French Impressions: Paula Butturini on writing, adversity, and finding grace in asparagus – A Woman's Paris“Around and About Paris” – Montparnasse (Romantically Picturesque)Les Ballerines à Paris- et puis Dieu a fait RepettoThe Mays of Wine and RosesParisian Springtime: the city in bloomFollow us everywhere!French News OnlineFrench TodayParis for a WhileSouthern French FriedThe Simply Luxurious LifeTribulations BretonnesWelcome to elegance, culture and joie de vivre. We are captivated by women and men, like you, who use their discipline, wit and resourcefulness to make their own way and who excel at what the French call joie de vivre or “the art of living." We stand in awe of what you fill into your lives. Free spirits who inspire both admiration and confidence."Fashion is not something that exists in dresses only. Fashion is in the sky, in the street, fashion has to do with ideas, the way we live, what is happening." — Coco Chanel (1883 - 1971) Big Changes May Not Be A Big Holiday GiftThere’s an extra holiday that coincides this year with the otherwise festive holiday season. As 2012 ends, so does the tax holiday, and—what’s more—flexible spending limits go down. Happy New Year indeed.The Social Security program is currently funded by a 12.4% tax on wages up to $110,100. This number rises to $113,700 in 2013. Historically, half of that tax was paid by employers, and workers pay the other half. In 2011, Congress and President Obama instituted a “tax holiday” that cut the share paid by workers from 6.2% to 4.2% putting the difference back into the pockets of most of the American workforce. A household with $100,000 saw $2,000 (or $38 a week) go right back into their pockets.Barring some unforeseeable action in Washington, this money will disappear as of January 1, 2013.In addition to the expiration of the tax holiday comes an additional Medicare payroll tax on “high” wage earners. Employees and business owners who earn at least $200,000 a year (or $250,000 if filing jointly) will be subject to an additional .9% tax in 2013.Expect also to lose some tax benefit from flexible spending programs. New limits on those accounts decrease in 2013 to $2,500 per employee. ($5,000 for those who use flex accounts for dependent care.)Make sure you notify employees of this change, which will affect every staff member moving forward—kinda like a late Christmas gift on any pay date following the close of 2012.The tax news may not be great, but our wishes for your festive holiday season sure are. All the best! About us | Quiénes somosAbout Arizona LuminariaSeed Funder CircleAZ LuminariaLighting the path so you can take actionArizona led nation for rise in homeless youth last year, HUD report saysby Cronkite News January 20, 2023 January 20, 2023A new report from the Department of Housing and Urban Development said Arizona saw the steepest rise in homeless people under age 25 in 2022, giving it the seventh-largest population of homeless youth among states for that year. (2017 file photo by Sabella Scalise/Cronkite News)By Alexis Waiss, Cronkite NewsWASHINGTON – Arizona saw the largest increase in the number of homeless youth in the nation last year, at a time when other large states were seeing those numbers decline, according to a recent federal report.AZ Luminaria stories delivered to your inboxThe December report from the Department of Housing and Urban Development said 284 unaccompanied youth under age 25 were added to the rolls of homeless people in Arizona between 2020 and 2022, bringing the total in the state to 917. And advocates say that number may actually be an undercount of the real problem.“HUD does not believe that couch surfing should be considered as homeless,” said Dawn Bogart of the nonprofit Homeless Youth Connection, pointing to just one area where unaccompanied youth may be missed. “For a lot of our youth who might be couch surfing, they can easily be going between three to five different homes in any given time.”Arizona did not have the largest number of homeless youth in the nation, trailing well behind larger states like California, New York and Florida, according to the report. But while Arizona’s numbers were climbing, all of those states saw their numbers drop – California had 9,590 homeless youth in 2022, for example, but that was 2,582 fewer than two years earlier.The numbers came from part one of HUD’s Annual Homelessness Assessment Report to Congress, which is based on the annual point-in-time survey of homelessness taken on one night in late January in communities across the country.The report usually measures year-to-year changes in the nation’s homeless population, but the latest report spanned two years because of pandemic-related problems with collecting the data in 2021. Even 2022’s numbers may have been skewed, the report’s authors concede, by the fact that more than a third of communities were allowed to delay their survey until February or March, when warmer weather may have reduced the number of people in shelters.Twin threats of rising heat, rising homelessness spur community actionCooling centers expand services in Tucson as Arizona ranks as the deadliest state for heat emergencies.The report measures a wide range of characteristics about the homeless population, from age, gender and races to veteran status, family groupings and whether people were sheltered or unsheltered. Nationally, the homeless population continued its steady rise over the last few years, going from 580,466 in the point-in-time count for 2020 to 582,462 in 2022.Arizona was between fifth and seventh place among states in several categories, including total number of homeless people, numbers of families and veterans and overall growth in the homeless population. Overall, Arizona had 13,553 homeless residents in 2022, the report said.The numbers did not come as a surprise to experts in Arizona, who said the state continues to attract new residents at a time when a housing shortage has led to less availability, higher rents and more evictions.“We’re one of the fastest growing counties in the country and we have several of the fastest growing cities in the country,” said Kelli Donley Williams, director of human services for the Maricopa Association of Governments. “I don’t think the housing stock was able to keep up with it.”While the increases in the report were not surprising, Williams said it is “an issue of increased concern in our community.”That was echoed by Jose Urquizo, a case manager for Native American Connections’ Transitional and Emergency Youth Housing. As someone who has worked to support young people for 18 years, he said the current high volume of those needing emergency shelter from his organization has been alarming.Many of Urquizo’s cases this year include people who traveled to Arizona from California and areas in the Midwest, drawn to Arizona’s warm weather who then find it hard to find permanent housing when faced with soaring inflation and housing costs in the Valley.“What’s happening is they’re having to stick around longer, which means that our waitlist continues to get longer,” Urquizo said of youths in his organization’s shelter. “And instead of sometimes identifying their own housing, sometimes they’re having to roommate up, which we really don’t encourage.”Bogart, the co-CEO of Homeless Youth Connection, said the demand for housing has led to higher prices which, in turn, has led to more evictions, pushing more families and young people onto the street.“A lot of these complexes (in Phoenix) have been undergoing renovation, and as they renovate and make the property nicer, they’re able to increase the rent,” she said. “So the people that were living in those apartments can no longer afford to live there.”Attempts to help were complicated by the pandemic, when schools were forced to shut down. Bogart said that left her organization, which partners with 130 high schools, without one of the main ways it can identify and reach out to youth in need.“When the pandemic forced the schools to close, they could no longer identify the youth as homeless because they weren’t on the school campus,” Bogart said.Both Bogart and Urquizo emphasized the significant influence the government has in Arizona’s homeless epidemic, but both said more needs to be done.“I don’t know where all the answers are, but I definitely feel the pressure on me,” Urquizo said. “And obviously, my agency feels that pressure to do something more about what we’re seeing.”For more stories from Cronkite News, visit cronkitenews.azpbs.org.Mixed-status families are fighting for human rights and education gains in ArizonaNext election cycle starts now: Preview Tucson’s mayoral race with us.Cronkite NewsFor more stories from Cronkite News, visit https://cronkitenews.azpbs.org More by Cronkite NewsArizona LuminariaP.O. Box 1335, Tucson, AZ 85702Email: info@azluminaria.org© 2023 AZ Luminaria. Proudly powered by Newspack by Automattic Privacy Policy More than two years since his last solo album, billy woods returns with a new LP fully produced by Preservation. Aethiopes is a testament to woods’ vision as an artist who relentlessly pushes the boundaries of both the artform and his own abilities. The collection of stories and visions circles themes of identity, blackness, power and memory—but most importantly, the album slaps! Meanwhile, Preservation’s unapologetically schizophrenic production meets woods at the apex of this conceptual mountain, as layered and freighted with meaning as the rapper's verses. La Salle Explorers TicketsSt. Bonaventure Bonnies TicketsBallparks is now proud to announce our affiliation with TicketTriangle.com, an independent ticket agency offering BASKETBALL tickets for all sports and teams at all venues. If you would like to attend a BASKETBALL event or to view BASKETBALL schedules and information, Ballparks and TicketTriangle is your source. Just click the team link below to find St. Bonaventure Bonnies vs. La Salle Explorers ticket information.St. Bonaventure Bonnies La Salle Explorers TicketsSt. Bonaventure Bonnies vs. La Salle Explorers TicketsTo order BASKETBALL tickets online please click the above link. We specialize in selling tickets to all types of sporting events.TicketTriangle.com is a top source for St. Bonaventure Bonnies vs. La Salle Explorers tickets on the Internet! We can help provide premium St. Bonaventure Bonnies vs. La Salle Explorers tickets or any other event as well as other major sports events throughout the country. We put you into quality seats for the St. Bonaventure Bonnies vs. La Salle Explorers BASKETBALL ticket of your choice.We can always locate the hard to find St. Bonaventure Bonnies vs. La Salle Explorers BASKETBALL tickets along with seats for any other sporting event. We carry St. Bonaventure Bonnies La Salle Explorers tickets, some of the best seats available, including front row, and many of our tickets are fairly cheap and a good bargain. Most of our inventory are sold out events. You can order your discount St. Bonaventure Bonnies vs. La Salle Explorers tickets through the TicketTriangle website 24 hours a day 7 days a week. An interview with Jimmy WynnThis post comes special from Houston, where I’m attending the 44th conference of the Society for American Baseball Research. A little while ago, I heard Houston Astros great Jimmy Wynn speak on a panel about the first iteration of the team, the Colt .45s.Historically, Wynn is an interesting player, part of an underrated class of hitters unlucky enough to play during the 1960s when pitching ruled the game. Wynn hit 291 homers for his career. In a better era, in a more favorable home park than the cavernous Astrodome, he might have hit 100 more bombs. His batting average would’ve been substantially higher than .250 lifetime, as well. His 145 OPS+ from 1965 to 1970 hints at what could’ve been.I sat with Wynn for a few minutes after the panel. Highlights of our exchange follow below:Me: One of the reasons I wanted to talk to you is I run an annual project on the 50 best players not in the Hall of Fame. I have my readers, other researchers and fans vote, and you’ve come up at least once or twice in the project where you’ve made the top 50. Do you have any thoughts on your Hall of Fame candidacy?Wynn: Once or twice? I should’ve been in there about 10 or 12 times… It would be a great honor for me to be in the Hall of Fame. I’m glad that people like yourself and your friends are beginning to realize the things that I did that’s Hall of Fame bound. It just makes me feel great. I’m honored that people think of me that way and think of me as being in the Hall of Fame.I remember you as one of the great power hitters of the ’60s, and I would think that would be on your Hall of Fame plaque first. Would that be the first thing that you would think would get you in?I would just hope so. A lot of things probably could help me get in: playing a whole lot of ballgames, playing in the Astrodome for number one, and just being the type of ballplayer that I am. I just love the game.The Astrodome, was it a difficult park to hit in? I’ve always thought of it as a pitchers park.It was a pitcher’s park, a defensive park. I assume [that’s] why it was built that way. The Astros at that particular time, the early ’60s and ’70s, didn’t have many home run hitters except myself. There were some other ballparks where when you had home run hitters come in to take batting practice, they always come to me and they ask me, ‘Jimmy, how do you hit a ball out of the ballpark and I can’t do it?’ And I would say, ‘If I knew, I would bottle it and sell it to you.’ It was just one of those things, just a lot of practice and a lot of confidence in yourself.Were most of your home runs there, were they mostly pull home runs or were you able to go opposite field?I went the opposite field, left center, center field and left field. I hit a couple in right field, but just I’m strictly a pull hitter.So 1967, you and Hank Aaron were in the home run race against each other that year, right? What do you remember about that race?It was one heck of a race. I didn’t think anything of it until Hank called me the last game of the season. He called me and told me, says, ‘Jimmy, I wanted you to be the home run leader because you played in a domed stadium. I played in a ballpark where all I had to do was just get it up in the air and the ball would go. And I’m not playing. You and I will be co-home run leaders.’ I said, ‘I would love that.’ However, the commissioner found out about it and he ordered him to play the last game of the season. I think it was in Atlanta, I’m not sure, but Hank wound up hitting two home runs and beating me by two. (Editor’s note: Wynn may have misremembered some details. Aaron hit his final two home runs of 1967 in the 146th and 157th games.)Do you think if you’d played in Atlanta that year, you’d have hit more home runs?I think if I’d played in a ballpark that was conducive for players like myself to hit home runs, yes. And if I’d have played here in Minute Maid Park, oh my God, there’s no telling how many home runs I would hit here. But playing in the Astrodome, playing in the years that I played, I love it because I played against nothing but Hall of Fame pitchers, outfielders and infielders.Of the p