There are two huge trees in the front of Linderhof, a large tree in the middle of back garden (between patio and garden) and fairly big trees along the back of the garden. Our garden is full of birds and one would assume that with all of the trees not only at Linderhof but at our neighbors that squirrels would also be frequent visitors to our feeders.Occasionally, one will be brave enough to venture down from treetops to one of the feeders. In the winter, we let them eat all they want. If it's a female and we think there is young, we let her eat all she wants. Othertimes, we let them eat what they want and then, Oliver, the corgi, in a nice manner lets them know that they should go back to their treetop.Last Friday, there was a brave squirrel. With five adults outside and two children, I was amazed that this brave squirrel came down to eat out of this feeder.Not only did he eat with adults talking and children running and giggling (with whispered warnings to stay away) but we were able to get fairly close. He kept munching but I am sure that he was aware of everything going on and where everyone was.My oldest niece got within five feet of him and then one of the children made a really loud noise and he looked up and up the arbor post he climbed. To hide in the wisteria foliage and watch we silly humans.This is Outdoor Wednesday and please visit Susan at A Southern Daydreamer and see the other Outdoor posts. So, I sold a gun and had some gun funds to buy another one. I was deciding between a Sig p6 and a RIA 1911. I went to Fishermans in Delta Park, and they had a Sig P6 in pretty grand condition w/ 2 mags. But they wanted $360 +$10 for the background. I couldn't talk them down, and almost got it, when I spied this... .... which is a Taurus 94, a 9-shot .22lr revolver. I have sold all my .22's (a stupid thing to do), and realized I would much rather have a gun I can shoot all day than one I can shoot some days. Plus, this will make great training for the next wichaka event. It was $319.95, and is pretty nice. I have owned several Taurus semi-autos and revolvers before, and have had great experiences with all of them. No FTF's or any other problems with any of them. It locks up very nicely, and has a built-in HiViz sight, which I appreciate. It has a 4" barrel, and is in a Matte Stainless. So, the only thing that I can find anyone complaining about on the net is the trigger pull. I think it is around 14-15 pounds. Which is heavy. But, I figure if I can master this trigger, I can be successful with any other trigger out there. The pull should lighten down to about 8 pounds after a couple thousand rounds, but I'll see. As Christian Grey picks up leather handcuffs, he begins to dial Anastasia Steele’s number. She answers, knowing the private number is Grey. “Hello, Christian,” Ana said. “I’m going to ask you one more time to stop harassing me.”This was a YouTube commercial I saw for TrapCall, a service that reveals who private phone numbers are. It was a funny twist to the “50 Shades of Grey” film adaptation to be released this Valentine’s weekend, but it was definitely not accurate.Many question whether Christian is abusive due to his dominant/submissive fetishes. In my opinion, there’s no abuse in Christian and Ana’s relationship. On the contrary, there are many points in the book that Christian is very sweet with Ana.At the beginning of the book, Ana interviewed Christian for an article. Eventually, he asks her out for coffee. While they’re out, Christian explained he doesn’t usually have a girlfriend. On the same date, Ana was nearly hit by a cyclist and Christian pulls her away so she wouldn’t get hit. This, to me, shows Christian does care for her. If she was just a sex toy to him, he wouldn’t have saved her.Later in the novel, Ana gets drunk and calls Christian, demanding to know why he sent her an expensive gift. He is immediately concerned and picks her up. The next morning, Ana found herself in a hotel room with Christian. He explains they didn’t have sex but he did undress her because she vomited on herself and her clothes.It is obvious to me he doesn’t see her as his play toy after this scene. In many cases, drunk young women getting raped because of their vulnerability, but Christian didn’t take advantage of her that night.After that, things start to get really sexually aggressive, especially after Christian explained his fetish of being dominant over his partners. He asks her to sign a contract to make her exclusively his without any romantic connections. Christian is shocked to find out she is a virgin and they end up having “vanilla sex” that night, no toys and nothing incredibly raunchy.Christian admits this was the first time having “vanilla sex” and enjoying it. Why would he give up his obsession with dominance to have regular sex if he didn’t care for her? I don’t think he would. Throughout the book, his caring character is revealed and there’s a hint that he’s falling in love with her. Ana is clearly unlike the submissive partners he had seen before.True, he doesn’t want an emotional connection, but Ana was aware of this from the start. Later in the story, Christian admits to being submissive to an older woman. I personally believe this could have ruined romance for him.By no means am I saying Christian is a perfect man or that he doesn’t have character flaws. My point is Ana knew what she was getting herself into. The relationship was not abusive because it was in Christian’s best interest to be sure she wanted to go through with a BDSM relationship.Whether Christian truly ends up falling in love with Ana is going to remain a mystery to me. However, it is no mystery to me that Christian isn’t abusing Ana in “50 Shades of Grey.” 1 Min ReadApril 13 (Infostrada Sports) - Result from the Casablanca Open Men's Singles Final on Sunday8-Guillermo Garcia-Lopez (Spain) beat 4-Marcel Granollers (Spain) 5-7 6-4 6-3All quotes delayed a minimum of 15 minutes. See here for a complete list of exchanges and delays.© 2017 Reuters. All Rights Reserved. I got out of bed, and gave a little stretch, naked except for my new underwear. I would later learn it was called a thong. I then grabbed the “night shirt” I had taken off before bed, and slipped it on, before heading to the kitchen.Daddy was sitting at the kitchen table in a pair of boxers, sipping some coffee, and reading the newspaper.He smiled when I came out, and asked if I had slept well.I told him I had, and said that I hope he had a good sleep as well, to which he just smiled, and mumbled something that I couldn’t hear.I went into the kitchen to grab some cereal and milk, and Daddy just watched. As I reached up for a bowl in the cupboard, I could feel my shirt rising. At first I stopped, but then I remembered that I was a wife now, and husbands saw their wife’s bums, so this was okay. I took all of my things to the table to sit down, and eat.Daddy just watched for a while, smiling. Then all of a sudden he reached over and pulled my shirt down a bit and squeezed one of my nipples. I squealed in surprise.“Daddy, what are you doing?”“Just seeing how sensitive they are.”And I continued to eat my breakfast, adjusting my shirt.Daddy let a few minutes pass, and then did the same thing to my other nipple. I jumped, but I didn’t squeal this time.Daddy kinda laughed, and removed his hand.Again I adjusted my shirt.“Leave it how I put it, or don’t wear it” was all daddy said over his newspaper.I immediately adjusted it back to how I thought he had it, before continuing with my breakfast.After Daddy put his paper down, he got up, and went into the kitchen. When he stood up, I saw that although he had boxers on, his penis was hanging out of his fly, and was semi-hard. I figured that it was due to him pinching my nipples and continued to eat my cereal.Daddy came back to the table with a bowl, which he put on the table. In it I could see some ice cubes. Daddy then came behind me, and pulled my shirt so that it was now resting just underneath my growing boobs.“Much better. I see that you are slowly turning into a woman”He felt and rubbed my boobs for a few minutes.“Daddy, it’s awful hard to eat breakfast with you doing that”.“Then stop eating.”I pushed my bowl away, not quite sure, but interested anyways.When he saw me do this, he took one of the ice cubes out of the bowl, and started to rub it over my nipples.This cause my nipples to point out and become quite hard. It felt good, but very cold. I leaned back, and let Daddy continue.One they were really hard, he put the ice back in the bowl, leaned over me, and took one nipple into his mouth, sucking.“Ohh, Daddy, that feels so good”.Daddy stopped sucking, which disappointed me. He then went to the other nipple, but instead of gently sucking, he latched on, and pulled using his teeth slightly. This kind of hurt, and I jumped at the sensation. Daddy released and let my boob go back, and stood back up.“As you can see, there are good sucks, and not-so-good ones. I like sucks like the first one I showed you.”Once again, he leaned down, and sucked my nipple, this time while playing with my other boob. I leaned back, and couldn’t help but enjoy it.All of a sudden he stopped, and walked over to the couch, removing his boxers as he went, and sat down.I could see that his penis was quite hard now.“Can I feel your penis in my hand?”“Yes. But you must promise me something.”“You are my wife now…”“And soon you will be my slut”“So from now on, you will call my penis a cock.”“Come over here then, and feel it. Bring the bowl of ice with you.”“And a few other things, your vagina is called a pussy, or a cunt. Understand?”I stood up, grabbed the bowl from the table, and walked over to Daddy, with my shirt still stretched below my boobs.I put the ice on the coffee table, and sat down on the couch beside Daddy.”“sit on the floor please”.I then sat on the floor in front of daddy, on my knees, so that I could reach him better.“No you gently put your hand up and down it like this…”Daddy showed me how to stroke his cock.Then taking my hand in his, he helped me. When he released my hand I continued to stroke his cock. It felt hard in my hand, and so big. I could barely wrap my hand all the way around it.As I continued to stroke his cock, Daddy reached in the bowl and got some ice, which once again he began to rub on my nipples.All this attention to my boobs, was making me very wet. I had never had wetness down there before, and I reached my hand to see what it was.Daddy saw this and smiled. He then took my hand, and kissed it.“Now, rub yourself again”“Now, lick the moisture of your fingers”I did what he said, though not sure why.“That is what women taste like. You will taste more later. Stand up.”I stood up, coming closer to daddy so that I could still stroke his cock.“Now sit on my lap facing me…with your legs on either side, like you’re riding a bike, and I’m your bike.”I sat down, and daddy opened his legs, causing mine to open. I was still trying to stroke his cock. Daddy then started to rub my pussy.“Mmmm, Daddy, that feels good”“Sweetie, your pussy is so hot.”I didn’t know what daddy meant by then, so I just kept stroking his cock.“A virgin shouldn’t have such a hot cunt…” Daddy said as he continued to rub.He then stuck a finger in my pussy. It felt good. Daddy quickly stopped though, and removed it.“It’s nice to see your hymen is still there, I will have lots of fun with that later!”“Yes, it’s a good thing. To be treasured.”I continued to stroke his cock as he rubbed my pussy. It felt so good, I started to lean forward on him and moan into his shoulder.“Sweetie, we need to cool down your hot pussy.”“But how daddy?”And with then, he reached into the bowl, and stuck a melting ice cube into my pussy. I squealed at the sudden coldness and almost jumped off his lap.“Sit still, it’s okay.”“Keep stroking my cock sweetie”“But daddy, I can feel the ice melting, and coming out of my vag-I mean pussy.”“Yes baby, and when it is done, and I can’t feel anymore dripping on my hand, I will check your pussy tempurature again.”I continued to stoke his cock, it seemed to be getting harder.All of a sudden daddy stopped me.“Get on your knees in front of me”I did as I was told.“One of the things a guy likes most is to have his cock sucked. So for starters you can lick it like it’s a big sucker…or popsicle.”I leaned forward, and shyly did as I was told. This made daddy moan, so I stopped.“No sweetie, keep going”I continued to lick his hard cock. All of a sudden Daddy grabbed the back of my head, and pushed my mouth over his cock. I decided to try what some of my friends had said at school, and copy a movie that we had watched at a sleepover a couple of months ago…laughing and giggling. It was a movie full of naked people doing strange things, like sucking cocks, and licking pussy’s.When I started to do this, Daddy got really hard. He then started slamming his hips into my face, forcing his cock deeper into my mouth, and even down my throat.I pushed back, trying to get him to stop, and finally Daddy let me go, as I was choking.“Sweetie, you were doing so well.”“I’m sorry Daddy, I’ll try again.”At this I started licking his cock again. Daddy didn’t let me do it long though, and once again he forced my mouth over his cock.Then all of a sudden Daddy stopped moving, and just held me over his cock, so I moved my tongue over it in my mouth.“Sweetie, soon a liquid is going to come out of my cock.”“Pee??” I mumbled, trying to get away“No sweetie. Seed. It’s okay though, you just swallow whatever you can!”And without giving me a chance to reply, he once again started forcing my head up and down on his cock. I didn’t fight anymore though, and just let him do as he wanted.Finally I felt what he was talking about. I tried to swallow it all, but some of it leaked out. Finally daddy stopped, and I lifted my head of his cock.I saw the mess, and immediately got up to get a cloth.“No, a good wife licks it up, and swallows it all”Once again, I got back on my knees and started to lick up the mess. After all it was only seed I hadn’t managed to catch, so it was my job to clean up my mess.I licked Daddy’s cock, and when I was happy with it being clean, I then licked daddy’s balls. I think my tongue might have touched his ass a bit, but he didn’t say anything. I then licked his thighs, and the couch between his legs.When I was done, and looked up, there was my Daddy smiling down at me.“Good Girl. Now stand up.”I immediately stood up, and daddy reached over and pinched both my nipples. He then reached down and rubbed his hand quickly against my pussy, before reaching into the bowl of ice. I closed my eyes, as he brought the ice back and rubbed it against my nipples. I moaned in protest when Daddy took it away. He then put it on my other nipple. He switched back and forth, getting new ice from the bowl when needed for a while.All of a sudden though, I felt the cube he was using go up my pussy. This shocked me, and I opened my eyes, to watch daddy shove not one more ice cubes, but three more up my hot pussy, meaning I now had four ice cubes in my pussy, not counting the melted earlier one.After the last one was up, Daddy stood up and took the now empty bowl to the kitchen and put it in the sink.“What you have just done is called a blow job.”“I expect at least two of them everyday, at least during your training.”“Often more than two.”“We will spend the rest of today and tomorrow, having you master giving me blow jobs.”“Now go shower, and then you can do whatever you want…until I call you for your practise.”I quickly ran off to shower, leaving the door open, just incase daddy wanted a peak.I spent the next 48 hours giving daddy blowjobs whenever he wanted one.I gave them to him on my hands and knees as he watched TV. On my knees as he cooked our dinner those two days. As he sat at his desk doing his work. In the shower, in bed, and everywhere else he wanted one.When we went to bed the next night, me naked except for my thong, Daddy’s cock resting between my ass cheeks, daddy whispered in my ear…“You are such a good cock-sucker.”“Thank you daddy!”“So good in fact, that tomorrow we will go on with the next part of your lessons…and that means you won’t likely be wearing underwear to bed tomorrow night!”This left me very excited as I went to sleep, knowing that tomorrow when I went to sleep, I would no longer be a virgin! I love Lazy Sunday’s! There is something about having no plans, no need to go anywhere, or do anything other than just enjoy the day. The sun was shining, the garden beckoned, Daddy pottered around doing jobs, C helped! Mummy and LissyLou sat lazily in the sunshine and made toast and tea for everyone.This afternoon Daddy and C stayed downstairs and LissyLou and I went upstairs for a little snooze, an hour later the boys joined us for sneaky cuddles, just lovely family time.Now all that is left for today is to collect some clothes from LissyLou, make some tea and then iron Daddy’s shirt for tomorrow and the day is complete! I’m back from my cruise to Mexico, Grand Cayman, and Jamaica, and it was a much needed vacation. Spending 7 days relaxing and going on excursions is a great way to get away from a computer and actually enjoy the fruits of your labor. I know I don’t have a ton of followers like Chow or Yaro, but that’s perfectly fine with me. You also won’t find me sucking on another mans neck either.I do get emailed quite a bit from people wanting me to train them to make money online. Many of those who sincerely would like to put in the work, and many others who just want to make quick money with little to no work. It can become quite overwhelming though, and I just don’t have time to train people anymore like I use to. I would much rather spend this time with family and friends. I do not mind however answering questions or pointing people in the right direction.If you email me with a question I would be more than happy to help, however if you email me and ask me where to begin I will probably point you to the one place that I recommend and trust, which is extremely affordable and straight forward. Court and Mark who run The Keyword Academy have well put together information that is clear and understandable. Lots of videos and live Webinars allow you to get real time questions answered each week as well.As most of you know that read my blog, I would not write about this and recommend this course if it was crap. The training you will learn from The Keyword Academy about blogging is exactly what you need in order to be successful and make some serious cash.Thats about it folks. I have a lot of irons in the fire at the moment, and will be busy with some huge projects for the next couple months. If you have any questions, you can shoot me an email and I will get back with you as soon as I can.This post was lovingly rescued from the swiftly shifting sands of the digital desert. Must Have Media is not responsible for writing this content, nor can MHM attest to, or guarantee its accuracy or usefulness. It is here for archival purposes only. The post date reflects the original post date at its original location as far as we can tell. Platypus is one of those titles that has had relative success, but it seems like not a whole lot of people know about the game. Having already been released on the PC, Mac, Smart Phones and the PSP, it has now found its way on to the iPhone. The one aspect that sets Platypus apart from other side scrolling shooters is that its entire world is created by clay. Anthony Flack, the game’s creator, painstakingly made every single element from a single lump of clay and photographed them with a digital camera. No wonder it is one of the most unique looking games out for the iPhone. Oracle has acquired the intellectual property assets of Tacit Software. Oracle has also hired all of the software engineers from Tacit Software.Tacit Software's unique automated profiling technology is an expertise location solution that helps organizations uncover new opportunities for collaboration. Oracle plans to integrate Tacit Software's technology into Oracle WebCenter, the user engaement platform for social businesses.The combined solution is expected to enable enterprises to make effective and immediate use of the knowledge present in their people, messaging and content. Monogrammed Diamond Cut Wine GlassesMonogrammed Diamond Cut Wine Glasses - - made in USA. Four personalized wine glasses.- Three popular wine glass sizes:- 23.75-ounce XL red wine.- 15.5-ounce medium size tulip.- 10.75-ounce flute.- Beautiful diamond cut wine glasses monogrammed with up to three letters.- Deep-sand engraving process.- Dishwasher safe.- Bold block monogram.- Monogram letters are placed in the exact order in which you enter them.- For a traditional monogram enter letters in this order: First Last Middle.- The middle letter will be the larger letter.- Personalized wine glasses make a thoughtful gift for any special occasion.- Custom made just for you.- Please allow 2 to 3 weeks for delivery.- Comfort House 66879F. New address for SPIDecember 6th, 1999SPI has a new P.O. Box address. Said address is:Software in the Public Interest, Inc.PO Box 273Tracy, CA 95378-0273All interested parties should make note of the new address. This is the official SPI address and should be used for donations and all other non-electronic correspondence. 3386 Wyman StAlice Gillibert Studio437 Perkins St # 103 Oakland, CA1000 Jefferson St. Oakland, CAIf you've been to or usedOakland Art Assn, leave a review.It's easy, only takes a couple of minutes and you'll help thousands make an informed decision. Eileen Ford and the Business of BeautyBook - 2015"Chronicles the Ford Modeling Agency's meteoric rise to the top of the fashion and beauty business, and paints a ... portrait of the uncompromising woman at its helm in all her glittering, tyrannical brilliance. Outspoken and controversial, Ford was never afraid to offend in defense of her stringent standards. When she chose, she could deliver hauteur in the grand tradition of fashion's battle-axes, from Coco Chanel to Diana Vreeland--just ask John Casablancas or Janice Dickinson. But she was also a shrewd businesswoman with a keen eye for talent and a passion for serving her clients"--Amazon.com.Publisher: New York, NY : Harper, an imprint of HarperCollins Publishers, Edition: First edition.Copyright Date: ©2015Characteristics: x, 339 pages, 32 unnumbered pages of plates : illustrations (chiefly color) ; 24 cm I don’t recall having shared in this column the very basic but interesting discussion below about the usage of the modals “can” and “may.” It was in reply to a question posed by a member of Jose Carillo’s English Forum almost five years ago, and I thought the discussion might help arrest the marked decline in civility in our public and interpersonal communication in English.The question of Forum member Mylabskie was this: “When should we use ‘may’ and ‘can’? When do we say ‘Cazn I go out?’ and ‘May I go out’?”Here’s my reply to Mylabskie:We use the modal verbs “may” or “can” to express possibility, to denote the capacity to do something, or to express permission or ask for it. For this third purpose, our choice between “may” and “can” depends on the level of formality of the situation and on the social or professional rank or relative seniority between speaker and listener. As a general rule, “can” leans towards the informal side of saying things, and “may” towards the formal side.Among friends, for instance, it is expected and more natural to ask “Can I go out?” than to ask “May I go out?” To use the latter would draw quizzical looks from the listeners, as if the speaker came from Mars or somewhere else in time. Conversely, if the speaker is a student addressing a professor in class or someone much more senior in rank or age, it’s considered polite and proper to ask “May I go out?” and rude—even uneducated—to ask “Can I go out?”If you are a lawyer, a stern judge might even cite you for contempt of court if you asked “Can I see Your Honor in chambers?” instead of “May I see Your Honor in chambers?” This is because in such situations, “can” becomes an improper, distasteful demand as opposed to “may,” which signifies a plain, humble request.I must say, though, that this distinction between “can” and “may” is often not well understood and appreciated by nonnative speakers of English; it often takes years of social interaction in formal settings or situations for them to understand the difference—and in the interim, the wrong usage makes them unfairly looked upon as crass or uncouth by socially fastidious people. Thankfully, the acquisition and acclimatization process for the proper usage of “can” and “may” is greatly hastened by reading English-language publications and by enough exposure to English-language movies and TV shows.* * *Here’s another question about language, this time from Forum member Miss Mae:“Since I got hooked into reading books, I would always take note of its lesson that appeals to me and share it through a social networking site. In Janet Fitch’s novel White Oleander, although I’m quite sure of the book’s message that I wanted to post, I’m not confident on how I should put it. Is the sentence ‘The best way to learn is to live’ more appropriate than ‘The best way to learn is through living’?”My reply to Miss Mae:Yes, in the context of Janet Fitch’s novel, the construction “The best way to learn is to live” captures your intended sense much better than “The best way to learn is through living.” The second sentence, which uses “through living” as a noun complement, denotes the passive sense of just continuing to be alive, or just subsisting. In contrast, the first sentence, which uses the infinitive “to live,” denotes the active, more purposive sense of living a life rich in experience or, more idiomatically, living it up. I’m sure that this sense is much more in keeping with the plot of that novel, which is a coming-of-age story about a young girl separated from her mother and grows up in one foster home after another.Visit Jose Carillo’s English Forum at http://josecarilloforum.com. Visit me on Facebook. Follow me at Twitter.com @J8Carillo. Clapp, Jayne and Francis. The opinion of the court was delivered by Francis, J.A.D.The Chancery Division enjoined peaceful picketing of the plaintiff's premises by the defendant union and all persons associated with it. The basic ground of the restraint was that the picketing was in pursuit of an unlawful objective.The Browning King Co. of New York, Inc. is engaged in the retail men's clothing and haberdashery business. It maintains and operates one shop on Broad and Clinton Streets in Newark, N.J., and three others in New York City. Its main office and principal place of business is located at 241 Broadway, New York, N.Y.The company employed at the Newark store a number of persons who were known as bushelmen. Such employees engage in the task of making alterations on clothes sold there. On November 1, 1950 a collective bargaining agreement was entered into on their behalf between the company and the United Garment Workers of America, Local 287, of the American Federation of Labor. The contract regulated their wages, hours of work and other conditions of employment. Its term was for one year but it was to continue in force from year to year unless previously terminated by either party upon written notice of 30 days to the other.About a month before the November 1, 1953 termination date, Local 287 gave notice that the contract would not be renewed on the existing basis and that negotiation of a revised one was desired. Thereafter and during the month of October, conferences were had between the employer's representative and the union, which, so far as the record shows, concerned themselves largely with the problem of a wage increase.The busheling work for all three of the New York shops was done at a central plant operated in that city. The employees there were represented by the New York Joint Board, Amalgamated Clothing Workers of America, C.I.O., and that union was likewise engaged in negotiating a contract with Browning King during this same period.The employer offered Local 287 the same wage scale as had been agreed upon tentatively by the C.I.O. in New York. The offer was refused and a counter-proposal made which was said to represent the prevailing wage scale in the New Jersey area. At the last conference, which took place on October 27, the offer was increased $1 per week and the employer announced that if it was not accepted, the busheling department of the Newark store would be transferred to its control plant in New York and the work done there by the C.I.O. union. The union representatives agreed to submit the matter to the employees and suggested that if agreement was not reached, the company might have to deal with the defendant, Local 195, Journeymen Tailors' Union of the Amalgamated Clothing Workers of America, C.I.O., which apparently had contracts covering alteration department employees in other comparable stores in the Newark area. The officer of the employer who was handling the transaction replied that he would not negotiate with that local; he was satisfied with the A.F. of L. if the employees accepted his terms.The bushelmen rejected the offer; they went on strike on November 2 and began picketing the Newark store. On the same day the employer transferred the busheling operationto the central plant in New York where it has been handled ever since, with the possible exception of occasions when that plant was overloaded. In that situation the work seems to have been taken care of at some unnamed place in Linden, N.J.While the picketing was in progress, a meeting was arranged between Local 287, A.F. of L., and the defendant union. It took place on November 6, at which time all of the strikers signed membership cards and joined the defendant.Thereafter defendant notified the company that it represented the strikers and wished to negotiate an agreement in their behalf. Also, on November 13 Local 287 advised the company that its services as bargaining agent had ceased and that defendant now occupied that status.Picketing was halted by defendant in an effort to accomplish an agreement, but although some meetings were held between the parties, the company steadfastly refused to negotiate, saying that it had neither dispute nor relationship of any kind with defendant, and further that the strikers were no longer employees because the department having been abolished, the relationship of employer and employee had ceased to exist.The testimony indicates that during the hiatus in the picketing the defendant protested against the allocation of the Newark alteration work to the New York C.I.O. local. The company sought arbitration of the dispute between the two unions and a hearing was ordered thereon for December 9 by the Impartial Chairman of the Clothing Association. The record does not disclose whether the hearing was held, and if so what result was reached. However, the central plant in New York continued to do the work. And one of the union witnesses testified that in the course of the discussions the employer's vice-president asserted that if the A.F. of L. local accepted the wage proposal the work would be done in Newark, but he would not negotiate with the defendant C.I.O. local.On December 4 picketing was resumed and shortly thereafter the action was instituted seeking the injunction.The pleadings, arguments, oral opinion and memorandum of the trial court and the briefs presented to us show it to be undisputed that when the action was instituted and tried, the employer was subject to the federal Labor Management Relations Act of 1947 (29 U.S.C.A. § 141 et seq.). The absence of dispute on the subject was clearly based upon the understanding of the parties that tested by the then existing standards relating to the extent of an employer's engagement in interstate commerce necessary to make the jurisdiction of the National Labor Relations Board applicable, Browning King Co. qualified as such an employer. Under those standards the board accepted jurisdiction over an enterprise having (1) a direct inflow of materials from out of state valued at $500,000 per year, or (2) an indirect flow of materials from out of state valued at $1,000,000, or (3) $25,000 of interstate sales yearly, or (4) a combination interstate movement of goods where the percentage of minimum amounts bought or sold interstate, directly or indirectly, added up to 100%. The proof shows that gross sales of the Newark store alone for the 11-month period ending November 30, 1953 totaled $667,274.57.The case was presented and tried and was argued on this appeal on the theory that the picketing was for an unlawful purpose, a purpose neither within nor protected by the federal act, and consequently cognizable by the state court and subject to its injunctive power.The complaint was filed shortly after the opinion of the Appellate Division in Busch & Sons, Inc., v. Retail Union of N.J., Local 108, 27 N.J. Super. 432 (Oct. 1, 1953). At that time the precedents in New Jersey demonstrated generally that where the dispute between the employer and striking employees concerned a matter which is covered by the Labor Management Relations Act, if the object of picketing is to induce a violation of the act, the controversy is notwithin the field of the federal preemption and the state court can issue its injunctive process. 27 N.J. Super. , at page 441.The Busch case was certified by the Supreme Court and pending the review the United States Supreme Court decided Garner v. Teamsters, C. & H. Union , 346 U.S. 485, 74 S. Ct. 161, 98 L. Ed. 228 (Dec. 14, 1953). The principle stated there was that where the dispute concerns a subject matter which is regulated by or within the scope of federal legislation, the state courts are excluded from jurisdiction. More particularly, the court held that where picketing was through non-employees and for the purpose of coercing the employer into influencing the employees to join the union in violation of the Labor Management Relations Act, the state court had no jurisdiction because a complaint could be filed with the National Labor Relations Board.The object of the picketing in the Busch case was to procure the discriminatory discharge of certain employees. This was declared to be unlawful as in violation of the Labor Management Relations Act and the Appellate Division affirmed the issuance of the injunction. However, our Supreme Court reversed, following the Garner case, saying that the basic issue between the parties was within the coverage of the federal act and consequently the determination thereof was exclusively for the National Labor Relations Board. Busch & Sons, Inc., v. Retail Union of N.J., Local 108, 15 N.J. 226 (1954).It may be noted that in the present case the injunction was granted a week before the Busch reversal. Thereafter, on reargument applied for by the union, the trial court adhered to his original judgment that the picketing was not in furtherance of any lawful labor objective nor could it be justified on the thesis that the transfer of the busheling operation to New York created a recognizable labor dispute.Thus we are brought to a consideration of the validity of the injunction in the light of the ... Here’s a little known fact about tight loops, often considered the Holy Grail of flycasting. A tight loop is the de facto fly line response to a mechanically sound casting stroke. That’s right. If you’ve got a sound casting stroke (and use it in the correct length), you’ll automatically produce a tight loop. On every cast. The physics of flycasting simply don’t allow it to be otherwise. In fact, not throwing a tight loop requires a conscious adjustment to the casting stroke.So if you’re struggling to throw tight loops, or to throw them consistently, it’s likely that your casting stroke contains flaws. Since nothing will improve your fishing more than improving your casting, fixing a faulty stroke is an excellent idea. A good instructor can easily get you started on the right path. Practice will be essential too, but acquiring a good casting stroke isn’t as hard as most people think. A Very Special AnnouncementI had a nice idea for my first solo post that included telling everyone about my book that will be coming out this year, Crimes Against Magic. The best laid plans of mice and men, and all that.I was going to wait for a few weeks to announce this. But seeing how a lot of people seem to already know, I figure I may as well make it official.My wife and I are going to have our third child, due in early August.Originally, I was going to wait until the first scan had gone, and then let people know. But, as per usual, that’s flown right out the window. So, to stop the haphazard way in which people find out, I figured telling everyone at once was probably a good idea. And what’s a blog for, if not to put all information in one place.For those of you who don’t have children, you won’t know the mixture of joy and mortal terror at discovering you’re going to be a father. Well, that’s true of baby 1 anyway. By the time you get to the 3rd, it’s mostly a case of figuring out when I might actually get some sleep again. Short answer. Never.We don’t know what the sex is yet, but so long as it’s healthy and happy I’m not fussed. Besides my wife and I rock on the baby name front, so we’ve already got some cool names picked out for either eventuality. My eldest daughter wants to call it Harley Quinn if it’s a girl. My wife is not coming round to the idea as much as Keira would like.So that’s the blog for this week, thanks to everyone who came and looked around or commented last week. You never know, next time I may actually get to talk about writing. The world is ever changing. The question is, has the Church alternated her activities and strategies in a regular repeated pattern?The fall of Communism, the growth of Atheism, the increase of immorality and the new face of Islam are shaping the world we live in. China is facing the possible challenge of freedom and nuclear weapons in the Gulf will impact the globe in a definite way. Are we informed and in step with what God is doing?The information and perspectives shared during the conference will not be a western interpretation of global events. With countless visits to the Arab World, Asia, South East Asia, Africa and the Gulf the content of this seminar will be shaped by the perspectives gained from interviewing local leaders and missionaries.Each session will end with a 10/20 break where there will be a 10 minute discussion and then 20 minutes to relax , have some coffee and take a break. There will also be recommendations as to books, websites, DVD’s, etc. Each session will start with a questionnaire. Be prepared!Topics will include:Key to missions in not the winning of souls nor reaching the lost but understanding the Kingdom of God. Before looking at the 5 changeables in global events we will start the seminar with this solid foundation.A look at how faith experience changed from one generation to the next and how the (mis)information explosion and Digital generation affects missions. We now live in borderless societies with technologic opportunities like never before in history..Central to missions today is a clear understanding of the global shift of Christianity. This topic will therefore be divided into three sessions.Key to missions is the local Church (John 17:9-20). In stead of focussing all our attention on the unreached people groups we need to understand the location of those who are placed within a local context to be the witnesses (Acts 1:8) amongst their own people.The key to the Arab world is found in Egypt. Cairo is home to the biggest Church in the Arab world, housed in a cave on a garbage dump. The Coptic Church in Egypt is one of the major people groups within a mission context today. Are we equipping this mission force to reach the Arab world or are we ignoring a key role player within a Kingdom context?At the same time the Church in the Arab world is shifting from Traditional believers to Muslim Converts. The Church in Europe is declining and China is experiencing the greatest and longest revival in the history of the Church. Why? Have we identified the new Global mission force and have we alternated our strategies to equip the Church in restricted areas?The world is a body in motion. The trends of last year will be different this year and missions can only be understood in this context. Strategies must change within a changing world. The harvest fields identified in the past have changed during the years and the needs are changing with it. Islam has a new and appealing message and the faces of freedom and persecution are changing as well. . How will this affect missions? Are we in line with a transforming God.There are strategic hotspots and definite gateways to the Arab world and to the Gulf region. Are we involved? How will the apocalyptic priest in Iran affect future events and what can we learn from China and India. How will Sudan stand as a wall in Africa. Key questions that demands strategic answers.The following countries will be addressed in a context of change and relevance: Egypt, Iran, Pakistan, China and India, Sudan.“Go and Make” has changed in some regions to “find and equip”. What resources are available and is it used effectively. There is a new mission force, the persecuted Church, to equip, send and support. Are we involved? Do we understand that the change in generations resulted in a change of needs which in turn demands a change in strategies. The North Delhi Municipal Corporation has launched a demolition drive across Rohini, Civil Lines, City, Paharganj, Sadar Bazaar, Daryaganj, Chandni Chowk, Paschim Vihar, Pitampura and SP zones, a total of 52 properties built illegally, being demolished, bringing down dozens of unauthorised structures. It is said that the action has been taken to check the tendency of unauthorized construction and to encourage them to construct buildings with due sanctioned plans. Demolition/ sealing actions were carried out by building departments of the respective zones with the help of local police,” a municipal official said.“The building mafias have been carrying out rampant construction in several parts of the city. A crackdown has been launched against them. We have demolished unauthorised parts of many buildings and are going to intensify our drive in the near future,” the official added. Hello, dear Patrons!Well, I’m here at what will hopefully be the halfway point (the fic is still active) for my newest Twitanic fic.In the last chapter we took a delightful little spin around in Bella’s head that was, predictably, much like being in Jack’s noggin. Via some vague conversation with the Cullens, we learned that Bella wants to spill the beans to Jack and Rose, because reasons, but everyone else is against this. Suddenly, and quite likely from behind, Jacob arrives with a plot device – Sam wants to kill Jack and Rose! Because reasons, obviously. Once this death threat against people they have no relationship with is revealed, the Cullens agree to let the two zombies in on their secret. Edward volunteers to tell Rose, which is probably what today’s chapter covers.Title: Mass EffectedTopic: Mass EffectURL: Mass Effected: Chapter 4Critiqued by Herr Wozzeck and GumdropHello once again patrons, and welcome back to Mass Effected. It’s me and Gumdrop once again.Gumdrop: More stupid name man?You bet, Gumdrop.G: Hope tangy dessert good.Oh, don’t you worry about that, Gumdrop, I’ve got it. But for now, let’s continue, shall we?Please tell me you didn’t…“Gumdrop said he could help and who am I to argue with an eight-ton Therapod?”Great. Have the ninjas had any luck hunting down our rogue Critique field?“Not as such. They did get a lead in France where it was spotting posing as a food journalist for Le Figaro.”I think things have officially gotten strange.“Well, something has to occur around here. With so little happening in the fic, I think out critique field decided to pick up the slack.” Read the rest of this entry »G:…Hello? Anyone? Just me? Well then, this oughta be-G: Ah well, next time then.C: Sorry to burst your bubble. CEG this week ladies and gents. Nora and Woods are taking a crack at Stupard. He hasn’t exactly been doing much to give in.G: That’s because you won’t let me torture him properly. If I can just get one hour in with the tongs-E: Look, I don’t like the guy, but not liking a guy isn’t proper justifications for human rights violations.G: But he isn’t Human. Think about it.E: Yes, he is human. The lazy alien tag is just trying to trick us otherwise so that EP can try and fool us into thinking he did something original.G: I’ll get through to you yet.E: Sure, whatever. Read the rest of this entry »Title: Devil May Cry 4: RemakeMedia: Video GameTopic: Devil May CryURL: Chapters Seven and EightCritiqued by SCHello, and welcome back to Nemesis Of God Has Potential To Become Tearfully Saddened, The Fourth Book: Rebuilt!Or, Devil May Cry 4: Remake, for those of you who think these titles are getting a bit too obscure.I’m your host and guest-riffer, SC.Simon: And “SC” stands for-DON’T YOU DARE!Anyhow, I’m your host and guest-riffer, as I said, and we’ve got a long entry this week, folks, because chapters seven and eight are actually rather short – my riff, however, is not.In the last chapter, Isis finally got what was coming to her, Ayla had her own moment of clothing porn and struck a deal of I-help-you-you-help-me with Vergil, before running off with Vergil to find Isis, and hey, Simon, are you bilingual?Simon: That’s a trick question, right?Title: A Game to BeatURL: A Game to Beat – Chapter TwoCritiqued by SilkyWelcome back, superlative patrons! After an exciting week of getting stuck in the snow and finding out that it’s a bad idea for me to donate blood, I’ve returned with another chapter of A Game to Beat! Here at the Library of the Damned, we’re committed to bringing you only the finest of execrable fanfiction, like a cat bringing you her prized hunting trophies. Aren’t you proud?Without futher ado, here’s the second (and final) chapter of “A Game to Beat,” entitled “The Lisping Hacker.”Title: The Legend of Korra: Journey to the PastTopic: Legend of KorraURL: Chapter Two and ThreeCritiqued by Lord TyrannusTyrannus: Hello patrons! I’m Lord Tyrannus.Shepard: And I’m Joshua Shepard.Tyrannus: And we’re here with another installment of The Legend of Korra: Journey to the Past. Boy, I’ve been looking forward to continuing THIS particular snarking. As such, I’ve already made sure that Shepard is familiar with the fic’s source material, so no need to worry there.Shepard: And by that, Tyr means he sat me down in a chair and pretty much forced me to watch all three seasons of The Last Airbender and Book 1 of The Legend of Korra in four days.Tyrannus: Hey, I just got the Avatar DVDs, and there was a copy of Book 1 of Korra lying around here at the Library. I figured “why waste the opportunity?”Shepard: Fair enough. I’ll admit that while they’re not my usual fare, both series were pretty good.Tyrannus: Your usual fare is Blasto: The Jellyfish Stings. Anything is pretty good compared to that.Shepard: Hey, that vid is a work of art. Creating a YouTube is very easy, we just need some clicks. With the growth of internet speed now India’s mobile viewership has also grown to 180 million according to the hind business line. There is a lot of potentials for Indian YouTubers to grow fast. For that, you first need a Youtube channel to upload contents. This 3 step guide will show you how easily you can create a youtube channel.Step 1: Creating a YouTube channelIf you are creating channels for the first time click this linkIf you already have a channel and want to create a new channel then click this linkYou will need to create a brand page for your YouTube channel before creating a YouTube channel.After you create a brand page, one new YouTube channel will be automatically created. Later you can use that brand page for promoting your youtube channel.Step 2: Edit the channel and give it a unique identity.Next thing is to edit your channel and give it a nice look.- Edit channel icon: Your channel icon is linked to a Brand Account. If you want to change Channel Name or Channel Icon you have to edit in Brand Account page. Keep in mind that changing of channel name is allowed only for few times.- Edit channel art: create a channel art for your channel. You will get some default channel arts from YouTube. But my personal recommendation is to upload a custom made channel art of 2560×1440. Make a channel art related to your channel. I use photoshop for making channel arts if you want better quality you can hire someone from Fiverr to make for you at $5.- Add channel description: add a good channel description telling about your channel contents.Step 3: Customize and monetize your channel.How to change the layout of your channel?To change the layout of your channel click on the gear icon present on the home page.How to monetize your youtube channel?There are many ways you can monetize your YouTube channel but Adsense is the most trustable one. It was very easy before to monetize your youtube things are not good right now. Especially when you start your youtube channel. Now Youtube monetizes only the channels with more than 10,000-lifetime views.Now it is time to upload videos and kickstart your YouTube channel. It is advised to read carefully YouTube policies before uploading videos so that you do not violet any YouTube terms and conditions.- How to create a google plus page for your blog- How to create a blogspot blog?- How to create Facebook APP ID- How to add facebook page widget to blogger sidebar 24644Re: [Y-Mail] Second Sign in Verification SMS not working (2 step authentication)- Apr 1, 2013introtologic,> I am trying to set up two step authentication on my account. However, II've heard another report of that. I don't know if there is a solution to it.> am unable to get the text message on my Google Voice Number.> I am hoping there is a fix for this.I think you can just leave the mobile number blank, as long as you have at least one non-Yahoo email address verified in your account. When you sign on using an unrecognized device you'll be given the option of having the verification code sent to one of your alternate email addresses.- << Previous post in topic ANCHORED OFF WILLIAMS CAYSUNRISE IN THE EXUMAS: 6: 48 AMSUNSET IN THE EXUMAS: 5:30 PMSo it was back to the little Staniel Cay airport this morning for a little mass confusion. Seems two of the girls that expected to travel to Nassau had tickets for January 2 and both of the Flamingo airplanes were full. No problem, they hitched a ride on a private plane that was taking off. It’s all good! I am happy to report that Robert and Steffi made it all the way back to New York City’s JFK without a hitch. Steffi ran into a hitch there because all the flights to London were overbooked (remember she travels standby because Robert works for JetBlue) but was able to catch the last flight to Burlington where she could, at least, sleep in a bed and not one of those awful airport chairs.|CHECKING IN FOR THEIR FLIGHT. NO, REALLY!||THIS PLANE OR THAT ONE. BOTH WERE FULL, DESTINATION NASSAU|THEIR LUGGAGE WAS ON ONE AND THEY FLEW ON THE OTHERDan and I pulled anchor and sailed south to drop the hook south of the Lee Stocking Mooring field just off Williams Cay. After getting all set we discovered that there were two rowdy dogs in the house just above our spot but luckily they soon tired of yapping and our night was dreamy. THANK ME IN THE MIDST of the crucible. When things seem all wrong, look for growth opportunities. Especially, look for areas where you need to let go, leaving your cares in My able hands. Do you trust Me to orchestrate your life events as I choose, or are you still trying to make things go according to your will? If you keep trying to carry out your intentions while I am leading you in another direction, you deify your desires. Be on the lookout for what I am doing in your life. Worship Me by living close to Me, thanking Me in all circumstances.Young, Sarah (2004-10-12). Jesus Calling: Seeking Peace in His Presence (p. 142). Thomas Nelson. Kindle Edition.This devotion entry today is just what I DIDN”T want to read. I tend to take my problems, own them, and try to solve them by myself before I give them to God. It is a habit that I’ve done all my life.This different view is something that I long to accomplish in my life. I know Christ wants me to give my problems over to Him, all of my problems, but here are some insights into why I don’t:- I don’t trust Him. If I truly trusted that Christ was who He said He was, then I’d turn to Him when things turned in my life. I would immediately give Him my stress, worries, issues and shortcomings. I turn to Him eventually, all the time, but it isn’t the first thing that I do. I want to mull over them a bit first. The scriptures are CLEAR regarding this, especially 1 Peter 5:6-7 “Humble yourselves therefore, under God’s mighty hand, that he may lift you up in due time. Cast all your anxiety on Him because he cares for you.” Continue reading Plans to establish a power-generating windmill on village property near the sewer plant in Northport will not get off the ground this year.The Northport Energy Action Taskforce (NEAT) has learned that its grant application to help fund placement of a windmill 135 feet in the air east of the Braman Hill Recreation Area was denied by the United States Department of Agriculture (USDA).“It was back there for 17 months (measuring wind speed) and no one ever saw it,” said Tom Gallery, who along with Leelanau Township resident Doug McInnis helped spearhead the project with the Village of Northport. “The wind there was excellent … outstanding and would provide enough energy to power the sewer plant (350,000 kilowatt hours) and other things as well.”Possible other uses include powering street lights, the municipal water system and the Betty Mork administration building which houses village offices.The Village Council supported a request for 2 percent funding from the Grand Traverse Band of Ottawa and Chippewa Indians in December 2009 which was used to study wind energy at the site.NEAT submitted an application for a USDA grant $138,000 by the June 30 deadline. This, along with a guaranteed loan of $276,000 from a local lending institution would have funded the project, which totaled an estimated $550,000.But when two months passed without word from the agency, McInnis inquired about the status of the application and learned that it had been denied.“It sat in a USDA office for two months,” McInnis said. “They said it wasn’t complete.”Missing from the package were documents required of the local lending institution which assured NEAT members they were well versed in dealing with applications of this type. These included a matching fund commitment and leader/credit analysis.“We provided the information requested,” said McInnis. “It’s a frustration many people have found lately in dealing with banks … they weren’t forthright in telling us exactly where we were.”Gallery agreed saying that the lender hadn’t submitted the right paperwork.With no financing in place, the project is on hold until at least next year.“Everything is in place. As a group, we believe our project was well-designed and we remain enthused and energized,” McInnis said.NEAT officials have not sat down with the lender to determine what went wrong during the process. They may do so, but haven’t yet determined whether they will look elsewhere for financial assistance.|Wind Watch relies entirelyon User Funding REST RENEW RECONNECTNurture your SpiritHOLISTIC HEALING MODALITIES INCLUDE: Healing Touch Therapy/ Reiki, Ayurveda Face Massage (Natural Face lift), Emotional Freedom Technique, Chakra balancing, Aura Cacia Chakra Essential Oil's, Vibrational Sound Therapy, Meditation, and Crystal Gemstone Healing.Sherri design's Handcrafted Healing Gemstone Jewelry in tune with the Magical colors of the "GrandCanyon" for spirited people and their pet's. My love for the Southwest is revealed in my Gemstone choices. These Gemstone's are unique in their properties and create healing and tranquility long after your energy treatment session ."There is an unchanging spark from the Creator in each of us, our highest self, a piece of God. And we are all connected." - Dr. Wayne W. Dyer Anabela Chan . Fine JewelleryButterfly Lemon Quartz EarringsA stunning delicate pair of butterfly earrings in 18ct rose gold vermeil, set with two solitaire natural lemon quartz cabochons with a total weight of 10 carats, hand pave-set with 6 round brilliant-cut pink topaz and 11 white topaz.Matching rings available.Dimensions: length 3.1cm, width at widest point 1.7cm We had to go shopping today, so list in hand off we went to Cheltenham. We were slowed somewhat by the road we normally use to get to the car park being closed for resurfacing, but in the end we found our way to the multi storey attached to the shopping centre. I don’t like old concrete multi storey car parks, but there is an advantage to not having to go outside when it’s raining!Our list was short.Shoes for Mr PC. The poor soul has been unhappy at going out lately, because his shoes (not his only shoes, by the way, just the only ones he wants to wear) have cracks across the soles. Puddles, snow, drizzle, all result in wet socks. We found an almost identical pair in TK Maxx for £25. This led to much jubilation, as finding Mr PC a pair of shoes he likes can be quite a challenge.Wellies for Miss 11. She has grown out of her old pair. Strangely, we found these quite hard to track down, even though she’s now a 3 so we have the full adult and child ranges to look at. We were in BHS in the end, and in the reversal of our normal curse of the sizes I found the last pair of wellies in the shop. In Miss 11’s size. Reduced from £22 to £11. When paying, the till declared they had been reduced further, to £7. Don’t you love it when that happens?Winter coat for Miss 9. She has a raincoat. She has a woollen winter coat. Neither has a hood, and neither is particularly waterproof. We found a ski jacket reduced from £60 to £20. Waterproof, hooded, and a size too big so it will last for next winter. Fabulous.Perhaps this isn’t the sort of thing you expect much of on this blog. No craft, no cooking, no reading: just being a consumer. But you know what? It made me so pleased! Just going out and being able to find everything we want (rare), and bargains at that (even rarer), and all in good humour and within the car park ticket time (last orchid up a mist encircled mountainside). CAB Presents: Atlanta Braves vs Philadelphia PhilliesWednesday, April 16, 20147:00 PM-10:00 PMBaseball is back in Philly! Come out and enjoy the nice spring night and watch the Phillies take on the Atlanta Braves on Wednesday, April 16th at Citizens Bank Park!Tickets are only $15 and students may only purchase 1 ticket! Tickets go on sale Monday, March 31st at the CAB office located in MacAlister Hall!Join the FB event at https://www.facebook.com/events/292972360858256/Campus Activities Board Tuesday, February 19, 2013Amelia Bedelia Turns 50!TThanks to Colleen at Chippewa Falls for reminding me that 2013 is that beloved literalist Amelia Bedelia's 50th Birthday! Her publisher has come up with some suggestions for a party, you can see the resources here. But I bet a lot of you have even better ideas! What are you going to do to celebrate??If you missed the SLP workshop last week due to scheduling problems, bad weather or illness (all three came into play!), watch this blog in the next few weeks for updates about the program! The decision to get a dog is not something to be taken lightly. An adorable puppy can tug at your heartstrings but, in the end, will require a substantial investment of your time and money for a significant number of years. Making this decision impulsively can lead to frustration, disappointment, and may eventually result in the surrender of the dog to a shelter or rescue.The sad fact is that, here in the US, millions of dogs are prematurely euthanatized every year. Most often it is the owners, not the dogs, who are responsible for their premature deaths. Impulsive or poorly thought out decisions that fail to consider how a particular breed and the individual dog will fit your lifestyle, both now and for the next 12 to 14 years, as well as the lack of proper socialization, training, physical activity, and attention all contribute significantly to the need for so many shelters and rescues.The first question you should ask yourself, honestly . . . Why do I/we want a dog? If your answer is:- For my son/daughter/childrenTrust me, this will be YOUR dog. The kids will play with the dog occasionally, will groan and grumble about any dog-related responsibilities, and will probably only do them begrudgingly after significant prodding from you. Further, children's interests and activities change frequently, which will render their involvement with the dog inconsistent at best.- For protectionThough the typical English Springer may bark at unusual noises or a knock on the door, good locks and an alarm system are much more appropriate and effective steps to take.- To breed puppiesIf you've read the second paragraph of this piece and still feel this way, there is probably little I can offer to change your mind. But, just in case, let me restate the case a little more thoroughly. The breeding of dogs is a responsibility not to be taken lightly. If you do not intend to remain responsible for all of the puppies you produce for their entire lives, including being willing to take back and care for those who may find themselves homeless, do not enter into this endeavor. If you are planning on breeding for profit, understand that there are much easier, more profitable and ethical ways to make a buck. To responsibly and humanely breed dogs requires a significant investment of time, money, labor, knowledge (both academic and practical), patience, and emotional fortitude. Please visit a few of the shelter sites or your local shelter and witness the problem yourself. View the faces of the homeless dogs and talk to the volunteers and staff who, all too often, must take that 'final walk' with them.- Because Breed X is 'Cool', was in a movie you saw, is unique and exotic, is free/cheap, or other such nonsense . . .One of the WORSE reasons to get a dog, or any other animal, for that matter, is because of their physical appearance or popularity due to a movie, TV show, or other publicity. And, remember to incorporate the same thoughtful consideration of whether or not to get a dog when your friend, coworker or relative offers you one of Fluffy's puppies. Dogs are never really 'free' or 'cheap' and, in reality, require significant financial, physical, time, and environmental resources.However, if you are interested in getting a dog for the RIGHT reasons, please ask yourself the following questions prior to selecting a breed and breeder or visiting your local shelter or rescue facility:- Are you, and all those who live with you, committed to spending 12+ years providing health care, food, grooming, training and attention to a dog? Do the people who live with you also want a dog?- Do you have the time and/or resources available . . . to take your dog for walks and to the vet? to bathe, brush, clip, and, otherwise, groom your dog as often as necessary? . . . will you want to play and, perhaps, work on training daily, with your dog? . . . are you willing to take your dog to puppy kindergarten and basic obedience classes?- Could lifestyle-altering events occur in your foreseeable future, such as a baby, caring for an elderly family member, a divorce, job uncertainty, children leaving for college, etc.? How would you deal with these changes as they impacted your ability to care for a dog?- Is your personality conducive to dog ownership? Do you like to have total control over your environment or 'space'? Are you a 'neat freak'? Are you flexible? Patient? Answer honestly - nobody but you will know AND, more importantly, nobody but you will have to live with the results of your trying to 'fit' your personality to a dog.- Is your environment prepared to accommodate a dog and/or are you willing to make the investment of time and money necessary to assure that it does? Is there a yard or park area for your dog to walk/relieve himself or herself? Is your yard, or a portion of it, fenced? If your dog will be outside for any period of time, will you provide a secure and comfortable shelter for your dog?- Will your dog be alone for long periods of time daily? Can you arrange for the dog to be let out for a romp, given water, medication, and playtime, as necessary, during the day? Or, will you become angered and frustrated by behavioral issues that may arise due to the fact that your dog is alone for long periods of time?- Are you willing to spay/neuter your dog, as soon as possible, to reduce the chance of an accidental breeding?- Do you travel frequently? Will it be difficult for you to find quality care for your dog when you are away?- Do you really LOVE dogs? If you are truly motivated by your love of dogs, or a particular dog, you most likely don't need this page. You've done your homework and are ready for a lifelong commitment. You will train and play with your dog, provide appropriate veterinary care and nutrition, you will bathe and groom him or her, happily, and the occasional behavioral problem won't throw you for a loop. If this is the case, please visit the other sections of this site for helpful articles on this breed, and further decisions that you will need to make -- puppy or adult?, adoption or breeder?, finding a breeder, preparation for your dog, training, care, and more.See the Breeder Referral Page if you would like additional information on obtaining an English Springer Spaniel from a breeder who agrees to support and follow these ESSFTA Guidelines for Responsible Breeders. "Decisions that are made about what will be accessible to children help shape the kinds of minds they will come to own." --Elliott EisnerWelcome to the module Flexible Curriculum from the Customized Learning Series-Guru! [Register Here] The module uses videos, articles, and websites to develop your understanding of designing, using, and sharing flexible curriculum. Be prepared to explore a variety of sites that help you consider pace, place, path, and time. Welcome aboard!All pages for the course are listed in the left columnThe Unit pages contain:- The readings and videos- Links to the activities for the course- The assignments to be turned in to the instructorThe Activity pages contain:- The specific activity for the unit it is under- The link can also be found within the Unit pageFLEXIBLE CURRICULUM COURSE OUTCOMES:- Develop and refine your understanding of what flexible curriculum is and what it is not.- Explore several online sites to help create a flexible curriculum.- Adapt an online collection to fit your students.- Compare and contrast online flexible curriculum sites.- Evaluate online lessons to fit time and place within a flexible curriculum.- Design a flexible curriculum unit.These online professional learning workshops are paid for by districts who join TIE Membership. We intentionally do not put it behind a firewall so anyone can peruse the materials. If you are using this for professional purposes, please contact TIE to join Membership. Rotated Hydraulic Floor CraneWe are the well-renowned manufacturer, exporter and supplier of the best quality Rotated Hydraulic Floor Crane that manufactured under the supervision of our skilled professionals by making use of quality tested raw materials and the latest manufacturing techniques. Our offered crane is primarily used to transfer material from one place to another. The provided Rotated Hydraulic Floor Crane is highly demanded among our clients due to its sturdy construction and long service life.Hydraulic Floor CraneWe manufacture, export and supply premium quality Hydraulic Floor Crane. Provided crane is manufactured by our hard working professionals in compliance with the set industry standards using supreme quality components and innovative technology. This crane is primarily used in various industries for lifting and transporting materials from one place to another. Robustness, smooth transferring, less maintenance and longer operational life; make this Hydraulic Floor Crane high in demand among clients.We are amongst the most trustworthy manufacturers, exporters and suppliers of ultimate quality Jib Cranes. It is manufactured by utilizing optimum quality components and sophisticated technology at par with international quality standards. This crane is generally used to transport materials to close workstations. It is demanded for its features like fabulous performance, robust construction, longer service life, etc. This Jib Crane finds wide application in various industries like automobile, electrical, ship building, etc.Electric Wire Rope HoistBy utilizing our years of experience, we bring forth an excellent quality Electric Wire Rope Hoist. In order to satisfy the lifting and transporting demands of the customer, offered rope hoist is highly demanded for its indispensable features such as high strength, robust construction and anti corrosive. This Electric Wire Rope Hoist is manufactured using premium quality raw materials and advanced technology under the stern guidance of our dexterous professionals.Being a customer oriented firm, we are engaged in offering an optimum quality Chain Pulley & Travelling Trolley that is primarily used to transfer material from one place to another. This trolley is manufactured under the surveillance of our skilled professionals by utilizing optimum quality raw materials and the latest technology. Offered Chain Pulley & Travelling Trolley is well-renowned for its remarkable features such as sturdy Construction, high load bearing capacity and corrosion resistance.Cranes / Conveyor SystemWe are a well-established name in industry, engaged in manufacturing, exporting and supplying high performing Cranes & Conveyor System that is extensively used for carrying heavy loads from one location to another. The offered system is manufactured in our advanced manufacturing unit using quality-approved components under the guidance of our experienced professionals. Further, this Cranes & Conveyor System is highly reliable due to its compact structure, less maintenance and longer service life.Single Double Girder CraneKeeping track with market development, we are engrossed in manufacturing, exporting and supplying a comprehensive range of Single Double Girder Crane. Our offered crane is manufactured using high quality components and contemporary technology in adherence with international quality standards. It is highly cherished among our clients owing to its long operational life, rugged construction and sturdiness. Single Double Girder Crane is basically used for coil lifting, ladle handling and sheet handling in various industries.Adjustable Height Gantry CranesLeveraging on our vast industry experience, we are manufacturing, exporting and supplying fine quality Adjustable Height Gantry Cranes. Offered Adjustable Height Gantry Cranes are manufactured under the guidance of skilled professionals using premium quality components and latest technology. Provided cranes are highly demanded for lifting goods. Owing to easy handling, robust design and long service life, these Portable Gantry Cranes are highly demanded in shipping, warehousing and automobile industries.Manual Mobile Floor CraneBeing a well established organization, we bring forth an excellent assortment of Manual Mobile Floor Crane that is extensively used for coil lifting, ladle handling and sheet handling in various industries. The crane provided by us is highly admired in the market owing to its features like robust construction, fuel efficiency and long operational life. Offered Manual Mobile Floor Crane is manufactured using pristine quality components and advanced technology in conformity with market quality norms.Portable Gantry CraneWe are the top most organizations, engaged in manufacturing, exporting and supplying the fine quality Portable Gantry Crane. Offered crane is manufactured under the direction of our skilled professionals by utilizing the top quality components and the pioneering technology. This crane is widely used in various industries for lifting materials accurately at different heights. The offered Portable Gantry Crane is highly preferred due to its various features like corrosion-resistance, sturdy structure, easy handling and longer service life.Rotated Hydraulic Floor CraneUnder the strict supervision of our experienced professionals, we are offering the finest quality range of Rotated Hydraulic Floor Crane that is primarily used in steel mill duty, chemical plants and foundries. Offered crane is extensively cherished for its excellent strength, robust construction and high functionality. This Rotated Hydraulic Floor Crane is intricately manufactured at our highly advanced production unit using premium quality components and progressive technology under the strict vigilance of dexterous professionals.Counterbalance Floor CraneLeveraging upon our rich industry understanding, we are offering an extensive array of Counter Balance Floor Crane. The crane provided by us finds extensive usage in the mines and mills for conveying & handling equipments. This Counter Balance Floor Crane is manufactured using optimum quality components and sophisticated technology. Offered crane is highly cherished by the customers due to its low maintenance, sturdy construction and hassle free functionality. We provide this crane at rock bottom prices to the customers.We are the well-known manufacturer, exporter and supplier of the finest quality Portable Gantry crane that is ideal for conveying various materials in mines, mills, harbours etc. Offered crane is manufactured by our skilled professionals using premium quality components and progressive technology in tune with market quality standards. The Portable Gantry crane provided by us is extensively cherished among our customers due to its attributes like sturdiness, rust resistance, robust construction, etc.Electric Battery Floor CraneOur firm is acknowledged in the market as a reliable manufacturer, exporter and supplier of the finest quality Electric Battery Floor Crane that is efficiently manufactured using superior grade components and sophisticated technology in adherence to industry quality standards. This crane is basically used for loading or unloading of material from truck, dies loading on presses and maintenance work. The provided by us is Electric Battery Floor Crane widely cherished for its long service life and hassle free performance.Single Double Girder CraneOwing to perfection and quality oriented approach, we have carved niche in the industry by offering an optimum quality Single Double Girder Crane. This crane is manufactured by making use of quality approved components and the latest technology in tandem with industry quality standards. Offered box is widely used in mines and mills for conveying & handling equipment. Beside this, the provided Single Double Girder Crane is extensively acknowledged in the market owing to its robust construction, long operational life and corrosion resistance body.Hydraulic Jib CraneWith a desire to cement our reputation in the market, we are engaged in offering the finest quality Hydraulic Jib Crane that is highly applauded in the market due to its salient attributes such as high load bearing capacity, long service life and robust construction. This crane is manufactured using quality approved components and sophisticated technology by our dexterous professionals. Moreover, the provided Hydraulic Jib Crane ideal for conveying numerous materials in mines, mills and harbours.Cranes & Conveyor System A MASSIVE cloud of smoke billowed over Maltby Colliery after a nearby tyre dump was targeted by arsonists.Around 250 illegally-dumped tyres were involved in the blaze, which happened just off Tickhill Road, Maltby, yesterday afternoon.The thick cloud of black smoke could be seen up to 20 miles away.Four fire engines attended the scene after being called out at around 1.55pm.The tyre dump covered a 15 square metre area, and firefighters spent just over two hours tackling the blaze.Officers spread foam to dampen down the flames.Smoke also spread over the Maltby Colliery railway line, leading National Rail to issue a caution to trains on the route.A spokesman for South Yorkshire Fire and Rescue confirmed the fire was believed to have been started deliberately, and that police are now investigating the circumstances of the blaze. So I am training some coworker in the air regulations, and took them with me on a Title V permit inspection the other day. A facility requires a Title V permit when they emit 10 tpy of any single hazardous air pollutant, or 25 tpy of any combination of HAPs.So we arrive at the facility, and begin with records review. We are required to review all Title V required annual and semiannual reports, as well as any specific requirment records and reports for each individual emission source on site. For this particular site, records review took almost 2 hours. Which is not bad.Next we conducted a facility tour. During the tour, we checked for leaks using a Cosmometer:We are looking for any emission problems, as well as spills, hazardous wastes, etc during the tour. This lasted about an hour and a half. We did note a few oil spills onsite, but besides that, they were in compliance with their Title V air permit.Next month, I am inspecting a refinery that is over twice the size of this gas plant. It will take a while to review the permit before we go, so I will be busy. Five Ten Freerider VXi ElementsIntended Use: Cold, wet weather ridingTest Locations: Moab, Utah and Park City, UTDays Ridden: 20Tester Info: 5’ 8”, 160 lbs.Five Ten has been producing flat-pedal riding shoes since the early 2000’s when they made them for Intense Cycles. The STEALTH rubber soles provided unprecedented grip on flat pedals since it used a compound with very little rebound energy.Those STEALTH rubber soles on Five Ten’s Impact shoes quickly became popular with downhill racers and trail riders who preferred flat pedals over clipless ones. The shoes have now been around for years with only small changes. Then at the end of 2011, Adidas bought Five Ten. Enter the Freerider VXi and Freerider VXi Elements, two of the first shoes developed after the acquisition.The Freerider VXi is designed for typical riding, while the Freerider VXi Elements is specifically geared toward wet, cold conditions.Now, since I imagine most of you reading this review will have already ridden a Five Ten Impact or something similar, I’ll focus on the differences between that shoe and the new Freerider VXi Element.The Five Ten Freerider VXi Elements is very similar to the Freerider VXi, but there are a few key differences. The Five Ten Freerider VXi Elements has solid panels on the toe and sides of the shoe rather than mesh, a DWR treatment, PUR foam insulation, and Mi6 STEALTH rubber instead of S1 STEALTH. The side panels and DWR coating help keep water out of the shoe, the insulation keeps the shoe warm, and the Mi6 rubber is grippier, especially in wet conditions.I’m really impressed with the build quality of the Freerider VXi Elements. I’ve noticed that the Impact’s sole and upper tended to separate, and there was wear on the inner ankle due to crank rub. These aren’t problems I’ve had with the new shoe.The bonding between the sole and the upper appears to be better on the Freerider VXi Elements and there’s better protection on the ankle. Overall, the materials are more water resistant so the shoe dries out more quickly than the Impact did.First off, I should note that I have wide feet. The original Five Ten Impact was a wide shoe and fit me perfectly in a size 9. The last of the Freerider VXi and Freerider VXi Elements is slightly narrower and longer than that of the Impact.I found that the size 8.5 in the Freerider VXi Elements fits better then the size 9, but width-wise, it’s slightly less comfortable. Those with narrow feet will be excited about the change, and those of us with wide feet need not be too disappointed. There’s enough give in the shoe and the last is wide enough to still fit fine. But because of this sizing change, I’d definitely recommend trying before you buy.The Element is the first bike shoe to use Mi6 rubber. This rubber is decidedly grippier than the S1 stealth rubber of the Freerider VXi and the Impacts, and even though it wears slightly more quickly, it’s noticeably better in wet, cold conditions. The different compound compensates for the loss in traction you normally experience in lower temperatures (think winter versus summer tires for your car).I found I could reposition my foot easier in the standard Freerider VXi than in the Impact, which has dot soles, but it wasn’t quite as grippy and it was much more difficult to hike in.The Freerider VXi Elements combines Mi6 rubber, a smooth sole under your midfoot, and small dots under your toe and heel. The new rubber makes the shoe’s smooth sole about as grippy as the dot sole of the Impact, so it too can be hard to reposition and it doesn’t work well for hiking. Even though the sole has enough dots at the toe to help with this, I still reach for my old Impacts when I know a ride is going to involve walking.Compared to the Impact, the Elements sole is stiff and thin, which means pedal-feel is improved. And by limiting the wrap-around tread, the shoe feels much less clunky.The VXi Elements has less padding, which means less protection, but it also means the shoe doesn’t absorb as much water. The shoes can dry out in a few hours, rather than the full day the Impact needed. The VXi Elements keeps water out if you step in a puddle or splash through one while riding. The solid panels also block the wind, although this does make the shoe less breathable.If temperatures were below 40 degrees, I much preferred this shoe to the standard VXi. Above 60 degrees, and I would grab the standard VXi. I found that between 40 and 60 degrees, either shoe worked well.As I mentioned above, the Mi6 seems to wear just slightly quicker than the S1. That said, I anticipate I can get at least another 60 days out of the Freerider VXi Elements before general wear and tear starts to affect its performance.This is a really good shoe. Combined with Kona Wah-Wahs, Xpedo Sprys, and Echo SL Pedals, I found the grip to be reliable and strong both in dry and wet conditions. The Freerider VXi Elements is lighter and more comfortable than the Impact, and I much prefer it to my duct-taped VXi for riding in cold or wet conditions.I’ll be buying another pair of the Elements when they wear out. State wrestling: Venz captures state titleFarmington freshman Taylor Venz captured the Class 3A state title at 106 pounds with a 6-0 decision in the finals Saturday night at Xcel Energy Center.Venz opened his second straight state meet appearance with an 11-0 victory in the opening round Friday night. He advanced to the semifinals with a 5-0 decision and reached the finals with a 9-6 decision.In the finals he defeated Brad Osatiuk of Maple Grove.The full story on the state wrestling tournament will appear in next week's print edition of the Farmington Independent. Small plane makes emergency landing in South Florida, crashes into power polePilot escapes unharmedA small, single-engine plane bound for Boca Raton made an emergency landing Monday on Southern Boulevard, just a few miles west of Lion Country Safari.The pilot reported an emergency in the air and was forced to set the plane down, according to the Federal Aviation Administration."He just said for some reason he had to set it down," said Palm Beach County Fire Rescue Capt. Albert Borroto.The plane initially landed on Southern Boulevard before veering off into a ditch and slamming into a power pole. The pilot walked away from the crash without any injuries."Southern is an extremely busy highway," said Borroto. "He's very lucky that he was able to set it down safely (and) walk away from it."The plane took off from Dulles International Airport near Washington. The pilot declined comment.The National Transportation Safety Board is investigating. CANYONING BARBAIRA ITALY – VINTIMILLEThe canyon of the Barbaira is closed right now du to a landslide, we’ll keep in touch as soon as it’ll reopen.More informations on the website descente canyon : http://www.descente-canyon.com/canyoning/canyon-reglementation/2522/legislation.htmlThe canyon of Barbaira is certainly one of the most beautiful canyon of the area.It is not on the french riviera but just at the italian border close to the city of Vintimille. The name of the closest village is Rocchetta Nervina (Close to Dolce Aqua).Only 45 mins drive from Nice, you’ll be amazing by the differences between Italian DolceVita and French Riviera.Barbaira canyon has turquoise blue water like nowhere else, jumps, slides and abseiling. All you need, all you want for a canyoneering experience.It’s a full day tour. 45 mins to walk up the canyon and a little bit more than 3 hours to get back down to the car.For more informations about canyoning on the Alpes Maritimes, I suggest you to look at the leaflet Randoxygènes written by the Conseil Général des Alpes Maritimes (in french only) :Randoxygene website for canyoning in the French Alps MaritimesIf you want to have a longer Italian experience you can plan to eat in one of the restaurants which are close to the car park.We’ll meet at the rest area of Beausoleil on the A8 highway. It’s easy to find and you can get a coffee there…GPS Rocchetta Nervina: Had a hospital appointment on Tuesday and it totally knocked me out. No writing for two days.Made a plan though how to get my time organised and get everything in. I think a successful author needs her time organised well. Not that I am very good at that but there is space to learn I suppose :-). Fasting is one of the liabilities of the Islamic ummah. Fasting month of Ramadan only required for those ;ve grown up, intelligent, and capable.Fasting is not only refrain from eating and drinking, but also to exercise patience.Each of us is obliged to fast with a good and perfect. .Fasting is not only an obligation ummah of Muhammad, but fasting is required prior to the ummah, ummah. . The stars of the Big Dipper are a wonderful guide to a handful of splendid galaxies and other deep-sky sights. Above and below the handle of the Dipper, most vividly, lie two stately face-on spiral galaxies that are visible, at least to some degree, in a small telescope. In dark skies, these two nearby galaxies display clear hints of a striking and naturally ubiquitous pinwheel shape that also reveals itself in the clouds of a hurricane or the seed arrangement in a sunflower.Let’s begin with the most famous galaxy around Dipper’s handle, the Whirlpool Galaxy, which lies over the border in the constellation Canes Venatici. This showpiece object is just 3º southwest of the star Alkaid. An elegant face-on spiral, which is about 1/3 the diameter of our own galaxy, lies at a distance of about 23 million light years. And it’s not alone: the galaxy interacts with its much smaller neighbor NGC 5195, and the interaction has triggered an intense round of star formation, especially in the rich spiral arms of M51. In images of the galaxy, you can see evidence of this activity in the numerous pink emission nebulae and blue-white clots of new stars (see above). Images also show a bridge of stars that appears to connect the two galaxies.As with most spirals, the core of M51 outshines the fainter spiral arms. It’s the core you can see in a pair of binoculars or a telescope. In light-polluted skies, you will only see the core, no matter how big your telescope, because the fainter spiral arms are overwhelmed by the artificially brightened sky. In a 3-inch telescope or larger, the core of NGC 5195 is also visible.Urban stargazers often look to M51, see a couple of dim smudges, and wonder what all the fuss is about. But in dark sky, with a careful gaze and averted vision, the galaxy is transformed into a glorious– if faint– spiral swirl in an 8″ or larger telescope. Keen-eyed observers can see spiral structure in smaller scopes in dry and very dark sky.The first to note the spiral structure of the Whirlpool Galaxy was the wealthy Irish amateur astronomer Lord Rosse. He used a homemade reflecting telescope, an immense instrument with a mirror some 6 feet in diameter which for decades was the largest telescope in the world. Rosse went on to carefully sketch about a dozen of these “spiral nebulae” in these days before photography.From the heyday of Rosse through the 1920s, these “spiral nebulae” were fuel for a vigorous debate about the nature of the universe. Some believed these objects were relatively nearby and represented new solar systems forming from the cosmic ether. This view was backed up by the theories of Immanuel Kant who first suggested that solar systems might form as swirling spirals. Kant died in 1804, well before the spiral nebulae were sketched by Rosse.Others believed that spiral nebulae were systems of millions of stars in their own right, well outside our own galaxy, which itself was just one “island” of stars amidst millions. This “island universe” theory was also proposed by Kant without evidence but with his characteristically uncommon insight. It was left to Edwin Hubble and others in the late 1920s to prove the island universe concept was more or less correct.Now look above the handle of the Dipper to find the galaxy Messier 101, the second galaxy on this tour. It’s sometimes called the “Pinwheel Galaxy”, which is confusing because M33 in Triangulum and sometimes M99 in Coma Berenices take the same name. All these galaxies are beautiful face-on spirals, at least in photographs. But all are challenging objects to see visually because of their low surface brightness.M101 is easy enough to find. It forms a nearly equilateral triangle with Mizar and Alkaid, the last star in the handle of the Dipper. You can follow four 5th-magnitude stars from Mizar on a line about 2º east. The last of these stars should share the same low-power field of view as M101.Messier 101 is a respectable magnitude 7.9, but its light is spread over a diameter as large as the full Moon. So you need fairly dark sky to see it at all, and extremely dark sky before you have a chance of seeing spiral structure. In urban locations, the sky itself is sometimes brighter than the galaxy, which makes it invisible even in large scopes.This is not an object that gives up detail with a quick glance. In a 3” or 4” scope at 50x, if the sky is dark enough to see the galaxy at all, M101 will appear as a round, featureless glow about 15’ across (1/4 degree). Increase to 100-125x to bring out scant structure in the halo and reveal the oval shape of the core. A larger telescope brings out more detail, naturally. In any scope, look carefully for structure using averted vision and a great deal of patience. If your sky is dark and clear, you may begin to trace out the patterns of the spiral arms.Once you’ve seen M101 you’ve also seen M102. Charles Messier, according to many astronomers, mistook M102 for M101. So they are one and the same.M101 is about 26 million light years away. It is a large galaxy, with a diameter 70% larger than the Milky Way, and it encompasses the mass of 100 billion suns. Anyone can glue on some tip overlays and shape them into a suitable bow limb tip, but do they look good? As a graphic designer, I’m always interested in making my bows look good and have good proportions. This applies especially to the limb tips.The rule of thirds is a “rule of thumb” or guideline which applies to the process of composing visual images such as paintings, photographs, and designs. The guideline proposes that an image should be imagined as divided into nine equal parts by two equally-spaced horizontal lines and two equally-spaced vertical lines, and that important compositional elements should be placed along these lines or their intersections. Proponents of the technique claim that aligning a subject with these points creates more tension, energy and interest in the composition than simply centering the subject would. (From Wikipedia. Click here to see the entire explanation.)For bow limb tips, the focal point is usually where the string groove is located. It looks best when it is placed either one third of the way from the tip to the end of the overlay…or from the other direction…one third of the way from the end of the overlay to the tip. The photo illustrates this.The upper drawing looks great on long, narrow bows like English longbows. The long, sleek lines help the design flow from end to end on this style of bow. Making a built-in tip on an ELB really long and thin also makes it look more like the bone or antler tips that are often glued onto the tips of English Long Bows.A tip designed like the lower drawing often looks better on short, wide tips like recurves and flat bows. The short, squatty design accentuates the short lines of a short and wide bow. This style of tip is probably stronger than a tip that looks like the upper drawing, too, because it reinforces the area below the string grooves more. Making the overlays long, gradual, and tapered helps distribute the stress from the string over a larger area of the limb tip. Plus, minimizing the amount of material beyond the groove reduces moving mass which improves bow efficiency. It is likely that any material that is left on the tip when making your bow does not add much additional strength, and merely adds more moving mass. A fast, efficient limb is like a hot rod drag racing car…the lighter it is, the faster it will recover from full draw to brace height.I hope this idea helps you decide what tip design(s) you like best.Please feel free to make a comment below. A 10 year old boy was crushed and killed last Saturday in Chicago’s Rogers Park neighborhood by a suspected drunk driver. The tragic DUI car crash occurred around 5:45 a.m. last Saturday in Chicago’s Rogers Park neighborhood. According to reports, the 10 year old boy and his 3 year old sister had just exited their father’s vehicle on the way to their aunt’s house when the Chicago car crash occurred. As the children were passing between parked vehicles an alleged intoxicated driver rear-ended an SUV which crushed the boy between the parked SUV and the vehicle directly in front of it. The drunk driver was reportedly driving a black Ford Explorer. The severely injured boy was taken to St. Francis Hospital in Evanston, IL, where he was pronounced dead at 7:41 a.m.Chicago Police have indicated that the driver of the vehicle that caused the accident is suspected of intoxicated driving. The driver remains in custody pending a police investigation into the crash. A police vehicle was reportedly directly behind the driver that caused the accident.If you have been the victim of a Chicago area DUI related car crash you should contact an attorney immediately to investigate the accident and compile evidence. The Klest Law Firm has over twenty eight years of experience handling cases involving alcohol related car accidents and fatalities. To speak with an attorney from the Klest Law Firm, please click here. Anthropology brings a global perspective to the study of human diversity by means of in-depth research at the local level and comparative studies that explore human experience through time and across space.At Syracuse University our program is organized around Archaeology and Cultural Anthropology; however, we embrace a holistic approach to anthropology through teaching in research in archaeological, biological, cultural, and linguistic.Gerard and Castro conduct conflict management workshop in JordanManaging Conflict and Communication Training for Near East Foundation in Amman, JordanRenée Crown Honors Student discoveryCongratulations Edwin Kwame OtuEdwin Kwame Otu successfully defended his dissertationCongratulations Lori KlivakLori Klivak Successfully defended her dissertationMaxwell School Award for Undergraduate ScholarshipCongratulations Sara McNamara for being awarded the Maxwell School Award for Undergraduate ScholarshipCongratulations Dwayne Scheid2016-17 Remembrance ScholarsCongratulations to the 2016-17 Remembrance Scholars Soleil Young and Jose Marrero-Rosado A Killer Plot is the first in this series. Even though, I have read them a bit out of order, it didn't ruin the integrity in anyway. Ellery Adams is such a talented writer, one could read her books backwards and still love them.In this book, we meet Olivia and Captain Haviland for the first time. Olivia has returned to Oyster Bay after a long absence and is greeted with typical small town behavior (for the most part). But Olivia finds a way to open up and fit in with some people and they become quick friends. Eventually, they create a writing critique group that makes them closer friends and co-conspirators.When one of her dear friends is murdered, she rises to the occasion and rallies the troops. Her friends eagerly help her solve the mystery. Olivia finds herself in the middle of chaos from time to time, but she handles it like a pro. I love her determination and her heart. Olivia is a good egg.Ellery Adams has written the books in this series with such flair. It is impossible to figure out who the killer is and in the end you will be shocked. Nothing about this series is typical and I love that!Visiting Oyster Bay has become one of my new favorite activities! I cannot wait to see what Olivia gets herself into next. If you're a cozy fan---you need these for your collection!! Isn't this a great stool cover? Big ol Granny Square!Funky Retro style ~ Recycle wood & crochet woolhuge granny square stool cover made with many many strands of yarngranny square stool coversCrochet granny square stool coverscrocheted stool coversGood idea...you see so many afghans 4 sale and they are so colorful. Why not use as slipcovers.Crocheted Stool Covers 2 patternsMy Own Wood & Wool Stool | Flickr - Photo Sharing!Stool cover crocheted from old t-shirts. Free pattern. You can find tutorials on creating t-shirt yarn in a number of places on the web.warm and woolly coat for a cold mid century stoolDownload Braided Stool Cover Crochet Pattern (FREE)African Flower Mandala Stool Cover I logged into my bank account online today and saw this:I’m not sure I’m happy about seeing advertising ON my actual transactions. It’s bad enough when I go to the ATM I have to click NO to every offer my bank puts out there. This may be the kick in the butt I need to make the change to a community based bank for our personal accounts.What do you think? Have you noticed this online at your bank? It's a terrible thing for a book publisher and writer to admit, but I have to say it: I am a book addict. I LOVE books. If I could, my entire house would be nothing but a library with a bed and a bathroom in the back. I'd order take-out because a stove would take away space from my wall to wall book-shelves. Unfortunately, I live in a thousand square foot house with two other humans and a dog and they insist on keeping the kitchen.Today, I stood in my cluttered, dusty, paper strewn office and said, "I can't stand this any more." My room, which should be my sanctuary, the place where I can create and dream, had obviously been transformed into the place where I toss piles of crap waiting to be "dealt with." And my book collection had grown beyond my shelves to multiply into precarious stacks braced against corners, my bed, and my shoe collection. I'd stubbed my toe on my Harry Potter collection. It was time to do some weeding.First I dealt with all those piles and discovered the reason I hadn't dealt with most of the stuff was because I didn't need or want it: out it went. Once I'd cleared the floor and my desk of clutter and garbage, I turned to my two, solid-wood, tall, legal bookcases with their glass doors which were unable to close from all the books sticking out.This was gonna hurt.Oh my darling, beautiful books. Hundreds of books on hundreds of topics, everything from Sci-Fi, historical, fantasy, "chic-lit," political non-fiction, sociological exposes, ghost stories and Celtic legends, comics, classics, Buddhist philosophy, Jungian theory, scientific studies, travelogues, how-to, text-books, comedies... so many books! I'm an omnivorous reader; I wouldn't have a clutter problem if I didn't want to read everything.I was tough. I purged almost mercilessly, only keeping my most favorite books and dumping the rest. Sure, I really liked Into the Forrest and Emotional Intelligence, but they weren't among my favorites. In the interest of a little more calm and sanity in my life, I had to let them go.Why am I so mesmerized by books? Lord only knows how much money I blow on books. I practically drool in bookstores and spend way too much time surfing the Powell's books website looking for new authors and interesting stories. I don't understand people who don't read books. A house without books is like a classroom without windows: oppressive and sterile. When I was a young woman, I'd always fall for the guy with the most books, even if he was a total jerk. And if he showed me his copy of Fear and Loathing in Las Vegas, I was a gonner, complete putty in his hands.Obviously, I have a serious book problem. Why else would I start publishing the damn things? Certainly not for the money.Some of my friends are doing a "sober January," during which time they abstain from all alcohol. Perhaps it's time for me to detox from books, do a "no book-buying January." I need to get a grip on this need to surround myself with books until there's no room for me to sleep in my bed.I will not buy another book for the rest of the month, no matter how good it might be or whether or not there's a good sale at the bookstore. Nor will I accept any free books from friends.Why did my palms just start sweating? REIDSVILLE, NC - Mount Carmel United Methodist Church finally broke ground and started to build a new church two years after their old church burned to the ground.On Sunday, members of the community came together to break ground on the new building. The money to rebuild is coming from insurance, fundraisers and other churches who have helped raise money.Fire crews from all across Rockingham County responded to the scene on February 20, 2015. The main church building, which includes the sanctuary and Sunday school classrooms, was a total loss."Walls are basically destroyed, ceilings are destroyed, floor joints are destroyed. It's going to be nearly impossible to make a determination on the origin or the cause," Rockingham County Fire Marshal Robert Cardwell said.Mt. Carmel United Methodist built the building destroyed in the fire in 1952. The church was first established in 1775, and church members told WFMY News 2 the fire was a nightmare. Many said they've been going to this church for their entire lives, including one man who is also one of the firefighters who responded to the scene.Copyright 2017 WFMY Houston, Texas man, Lonnie Turner, took to social media to confess to his crimes of adultery. The name Lonnie Turner may be familiar as he as confessed to publicly cheating on his wife before!Same Dog, Same Tricks:Married man Lonnie Turner wrote an open post on FB in order to confess his sins of cheating on his wife, Tammy. According to his post, Tammy is a great woman with an awesome career. However, while she climbed the corporate ladder, she neglected the needs of her husband. Because Tammy was so busy, Lonnie found himself feeling lonely and he desired companionship. So, Lonnie found himself less at home and more in the arms of his mistress, Tiffany.Using the hashtags, #Confessions and #EvolutionOfTheSidePiece, Turner boldly posted a picture of himself with his wife along with a picture of his mistress. It seems that Lonnie has decided to confess so that he may be forgiven. His wife, Tammy, shared a church sermon where her pastor preached that in order to be forgiven, the sinner must confess their wrongdoings. While that my very well be true, I’m not so sure that publicly embarrassing your wife is a good move. However, this is no surprise as Lonnie has confessed before.See His Recent Deleted FB Confession Below:Could it be that he has too much time on his hands? Or is he vying for a reality show. His recent confession seems a bit hypocritical as Turner went viral last year for confessing to having a mistress. Last year, he posted a picture of his wife looking as if she left Sunday school alongside his mistress in a bikini. It’s all so stereotypical that his wife seems like the timid homemaker that wouldn’t step foot in a strip club while the mistress seems like she’s twerking in the soup aisle. Ok, that may be a bit much but you get the point! Is this even real??Surely these women should be tired of being pawns in the Lonnie Turner chess game. I’m not sure if Tuner is a musician but it seems like he’s auditioning for Love & Hip Hop: Texas. Maybe he’s trying to be on reality tv again as he has been on a reality show before.Lonnie Turner Sr. from Navasota, Texas was a well respected man who owned a funeral home. He was known for helping the community and often would work with families who struggled to pay for their loved ones’ funerals. Turner Sr. worked to break racial barriers in his town and people admired him. In November of 2002, Tuner Sr. was discovered fatally shot in his home by his son, Lonnie Turner Jr.Tuner Sr.’s son, Lonnie Jr., became the prime suspect in his father’s murder, particularly after it was discovered that the murder was committed with his gun. However, he had an alibi for the time of the murder. Later, detectives found a mask near the crime scene and DNA evidence led them to Turner’s godson James David White. While White was convicted of the crime, investigators always believed that White possibly was framed.See the episode below:Lonnie Tuner Jr. is been absolved of committing murder, however, he has not been absolved of committing adultery. It appears that Lonnie is an habitual offender as he has cheated on his wife several times. Despite the fact that he has confessed twice, it doesn’t appear that he’s sorry. A breathing based yogic reflection practice (Yogic Breathing) may help ease serious despondency in individuals who don’t completely react to upper medicines, as indicated by another review driven by an Indian-beginning researcher.Scientists discovered critical change in side effects of melancholy and tension in sedated patients with real depressive issue (MDD) who partaken in the breathing strategy known as Sudarshan Kriya yoga.The reflection method, which is drilled in both a gathering setting and at home, incorporates a progression of consecutive, cadence particular breathing activities that bring individuals into a profound, peaceful and thoughtful state: moderate and quiet breaths exchanged with quick and empowering breaths.“Sudarshan Kriya yoga gives individuals a dynamic strategy to encounter a profound reflective express that is anything but difficult to learn and join in differing settings,” said Anup Sharma, look into individual at University of Pennsylvania, who drove the review.Past reviews recommend that yoga and other controlled breathing procedures can possibly modify the sensory system to decrease stretch hormones.In the review, scientists selected 25 patients experiencing MDD who were discouraged, in spite of over two months of upper pharmaceutical treatment.The sedated patients were randomized to either the breathing mediation gathering or the “shortlist” control assemble for two months.Amid the primary week, members finished a six-session program, which highlighted Sudarshan Kriya yoga notwithstanding yoga stances, sitting contemplation and stress training.For quite a long time two through eight, members went to week after week Sudarshan Kriya yoga follow-up sessions and finished a home practice rendition of the system.Patients in the Sudarshan Kriya yoga aggregate demonstrated an altogether more noteworthy change in Hamilton Depression Rating Scale (HDRS) scores contrasted with patients in the holdup rundown gathering.HDRS is the most generally utilized clinician-regulated wretchedness appraisal that scores state of mind, enthusiasm for exercises, vitality, self-destructive musings and sentiments of blame, among different indications.With a mean gauge HDRS score of 22.0 (demonstrating extreme discouragement toward the start of the review), the gathering that finished the breathing procedure for the full two months enhanced scores by 10.27 focuses all things considered, contrasted with the holdup rundown gathering, which demonstrated no changes.Patients in the yoga aggregate additionally indicated noteworthy mean diminishments in all out scores of the self-announced Beck Depression (11.48-point change) and Beck Anxiety Inventories (5.19 point change), versus the holdup rundown control gathering.Comes about recommend the achievability and guarantee of Sudarshan Kriya as an extra mediation for MDD patients who have not reacted to antidepressants, scientists said. The study was distributed in the Journal of Clinical Psychiatry. Hinoki Soap DishSimple wooden dish for soap made from Kiso Hinoki, a Japanese wood known for its excellent moisture resistance and sterilizing power. Produced in the Gifu Prefecture with an angled, slated design which means water does not pool under the soap. Part of a range of timeless designs for the home by "DO" Shop, part of the cult Tokyo hotel Claska. Made in Japan.Also available Hinoki Bathroom Tray.12cm x 8.5cm.Other products by Claska DO This post may contain affiliate links. Please read my terms & conditions for more info.I don’t know what it’s like where you are today but here in Devon the sun has finally made an appearance! Spring is on the way!Here’s my top picks from last weeks Thrifty Thursdays link up…Thrifty Thursday Top Picks1) How Much Does Your Child Cost You? by Mummy Fever2) My Frugal Ways by Vickie’s Kitchen & GardenThrifty Thursday is a weekly linky and a place to share your thrifty posts. It doesn’t matter if they are old or new and can be about anything to do with saving money and being thrifty. Whether it be a post on cutting back on your food shop or your latest thrifty find link it up, I’d love to see it. For Every Airbrush Artist!Ready to get involved? Register for free and you won't see any google advertising!RegisterTrophies Awarded to LadyCharlie10Awarded: Jun 21, 2017I Like It a LotYour messages have been liked 25 times.1Awarded: May 15, 2017Post a message somewhere on the site to receive this. On this page you will find some of my favorite resources that I use in business and branding. Yes some of them I am an affiliate of and others I'm not. Either way they are things that I use for myself and my clients. I hope you enjoy this items and that you find them useful DIVA! Just click on the name to got to the website.(these platforms will allow you to host your own video conferencing as well as create webinars)(Ready to build your list; this is the place to start)(Looking for fonts, digital paper, foils, etc.)(Get organized in your business and lower stress!)(These give you access to low or no cost stock photos. Make your brand beautiful!) The long version...well, that's below!I'd like to say I'm good at writing, but that'd be a lie.Bad jokes too (see my self-summary!).Bad dancing when no-one else is watching or I'm trying to weird someone out.Calling people "guv" and mangling words for no reason other than I can.Film-wise, I love Inception, Lucky Number Slevin, Wall-E, Taken, Spirited Away - lots of different genres. I appreciate film both from a sort-of snobbish, hipsterish critic sense (if it's actually good), but also from the point of view that says that films should be fun to watch - like Rush Hour, or Hot Fuzz.Don't watch TV much, though the original series of 24 holds a spot on my shelf, and many of the cartoons from my youth have a special place in my heart - like Animaniacs, and Invader Zim (though I was only introduced to that later). Breaking Bad and Galavant are on my list to watch. As much as I hate myself for it, there's also a non-zero amount of Downton Abbey in there.As far as music goes - anything that isn't rap and R&B, though even on those fronts I can be pleasantly surprised. Most of the music I regularly listen to is a soundtrack from a film or a game or something, but anything from Muse to Pendulum to Metallica to Billy Idol to even a bit of Bangles from time to time. I'm good with most things!And food - well, again, I'm easy. Not too fond of seafood, but I've not tried much of it. If this were an ideal world, I would eat more sushi and be able to cook halfway well.There's lots of nerdy stuff too, but I'll spare it from here. Feel free to ask!2) My computer. It's a part of my life. And it's my only route to the previous point.3) My bed, the place of harmony with the Universe such that it is in the morning when I'm supposed to be somewhere else.4) My friends. Yes, this one's cheesy, but it's true.5) My phone. Not because I can get in touch with anyone I know, but because it's a neat small camera I can fit in my pocket. All the good things I see, preservable forever with a push of a button!6) Caffiene. Not quite as bad as some people I know, but I should never be without it, in case I wind up draping myself over my desk in a stupor.In particular, though:- How I miss being a 90s kid who can spend their time watching cartoons, yet how nowadays I get all the adult humour they sneak in there- How to get people to torment themselves with a Jenga tower- Bad taste jokes that should probably stay unmentioned- How I might secretly be incredibly awful at just about everything- Ideas for games and films I'll (probably) never get to makeDo message me if you think we do have something in common, though! I'm always up for a chat even if I'm not the one to start a conversation! By ALLEN MOFF | STAFF WRITERIf the weather cooperates, Kent State baseball fans will be in for several treats as they watch their team chase its sixth straight Mid-American Conference East Division crown over the next three days.The Golden Flashes close the regular season with a three-game set against arch-rival Akron beginning with tonight's 8th annual Diamond Classic for Kids charity contest, set for 6:35 p.m. at Canal Park in downtown Akron. All proceeds from the game benefit Akron Children's Hospital.Last year's charity battle went 17 innings before the Flashes prevailed 5-4. Kent State went on to sweep the series, and now owns six straight victories over the Zips.The series moves to Schoonover Stadium in Kent on Friday, where the Flashes will celebrate 100 years of baseball. There will be numerous throwback features in a nod to the first KSU baseball team, the Normal Nine, that began play in 1914.The festivities will begin with the rededication of Rollins Way at 4:50 p.m. Members of the 1964 team that won the Flashes' first MAC Championship will be on hand and honored pregame, and a card set of the All-Time Kent State Team that was selected by public voting will be given away to the first 300 fans in attendance.A large crowd is expected for Friday's game, which will begin at 6 p.m. Construction issues have made it difficult for fans to walk from the Allerton Parking Lot to Schoonover Stadium, so shuttle busses will run throughout the game transporting fans from the Allerton and South parking lots to the stadium.On Saturday the Flashes' seniors will be honored before playing their final home game, which is also set for 6 p.m.Kent State (30-20, 14-10) enters the last series of the regular season trailing Miami (26-25, 15-9) by one game in the East after losing three in a row and five of its last seven overall. Akron (23-26, 11-13) is among several teams battling for the final bids to the eight-team MAC Tournament, which will begin next Wednesday at All Pro Freight Stadium in Avon."It's a big series for this university," said first-year KSU coach Jeff Duncan. "I look at it as an important series for us to get ready for the MAC Tournament. At this point we want to have a good series against Akron and take that momentum into the tournament."Freshman Eric Lauer (7-3, 3.04 ERA) will start on the mound for Kent State tonight, followed by sophomore Nick Jensen-Clagg (4-2, 4.78) on Friday. The starter for Saturday's finale has not been announced.Facebook: Allen Moff, Record-Courier We're shipping world wide.Three transparent whale stickers: Pygmy Sperm Whale, Blue Whale, White Whale and one octopus made out of my hand drawn illustrations packed in a little transparent bag.Perfect to send in letters, decorate your planners, letters and diarys. To make things pretty. : )Everything is made with love and care. London architect and artist Daniel Widrig recently showed off Kinesis, his line of customizable 3D wearable sculptures at Design Miami. As implied by the collection’s name, the undulating curves of the lightweight 3D-printed sculptures create a sense of dynamic movement. Widrig’s also built his wearable collection based on 3D scans of the model’s body to make each piece a unique and expressive extension of the human form.PREVIOUSLY ON ECOUTERRE: 3D-Printed Silver, Stainless Steel Jewelry Available at Neiman MarcusThe soft and sinuous lines in Widrig’s 3D-printed collection draw similarities to the work of his mentor Zaha Hadid, who he worked under for several years. After establishing his own studio in 2009, Widrig has gone on to collaborate with fashion designer Iris van Herpen to create a series of 3D printed dresses.Made from a polyamide/nylon material, each piece is laser-sintered into striated patterns that ebb and flow from the body. Three-dimensional body scans allowed Widrig to customize each piece to the unique geometry of the model’s torso. Little Black Spine, for instance, is an exoskeleton-like piece that was designed to look like a natural extension of the model’s spine. His necklaces resemble clouds of black smoke that fit snugly around the model’s breast and neck area.Widrig’s pieces were on display as part of Luminaire’s “Design+World” event earlier this month. Thievery Corporation at the Kennedy Center Category: Featured, Tour PromotionDateMay 15, 2017Thievery Corporation works with Composer-in-Residence Mason Bates to create a symphonic presentation of the Thievery Sound to date. The special concert occurred on May 15th, along with a 22-piece orchestra conducted by Teddy Abrams, at the prestigious Kennedy Center in Washington, DC.Services provided: Digital Marketing, Graphic Design, Community Management, Print Advertising Campaign Wilson Police Make More Arrests In Nightclub ShootingPosted October 18, 2002WILSON, N.C. — Wilson police continue to round up suspects from a shootout at a Wilson nightclub two weeks ago.In the past two days, police arrested three more men.Lester Richardson and Rashaad Jolly were charged with murder; Marcus Clemmons was charged with conspiracy to commit murder.Last week, Roger Barnes was charged with one count of murder and is in the Wilson County jail without bond.Police said the suspects went to the Due Drop End on October 5 to murder Antonio Wilkins. Wilkins and Benjamin Moore Junior were killed. Seven others were injured in the shooting.Five men have been arrested so far, including nightclub owner Percy Bowens. Police said he was arrested for failing to supervise the business.One more arrest is expected, according to police.Police shut down the nightclub, calling it a nuisance to the neighborhood.Nuisance Action Filed Against Wilson Owner, Nightclub Seventh Precinct detectives are searching for a man who robbed a Merrick Dunkin Donuts at gunpoint early Tuesday morning, officials said.Police said that at 4:50 a.m. on June 11, the armed suspect approached the walk-up window of the shop, at 56 Sunrise Highway. He reportedly ordered a cup of hot chocolate. When the 39-year-old Dunkin Donuts employee returned to the window, the man allegedly pulled out a black handgun and demanded money.After he received an undetermined amount of money, he fled the scene. No injuries were reported.Police described the suspect as a black man in his 20s, 5-foot-7 and 125 pounds, wearing a dark shirt, sunglasses and a gray scarf over his face.Detectives request anyone with information about this crime to call Nassau County Crime Stoppers at 1-800-244-Tips. All callers will remain anonymous. By 4pm I was ready to explore on my own. I could see the Shwedagon Pagoda from my hotel. See the photo of Shwedogon on m previous post. This was a trip of pagodas, temples, monasteries, monks and Buddhas statues/images -- they were all beautiful and I never tired of them.Shwedagon Pagoda was a 15 minute walk from my hotel. The most stressful part about going off on my own in this new city/country for the first time? Crossing the busy street! I got there safely w/out being hit by a motorbike after almost giving up.Got back just in time for "happy hour" and tried a Myanmar beer. Tasted great after all that heat and dust! Never had dinner that night. Crashed early after my shower.My hotel bill? $1 for my beer! Uh, yeah, "lest" you get the crazy idea that wolfing down hot dogs and matzo balls is some kinda freak show, the IFOCE is here to set you straight, and to ask you if you're going to finish that.Frankly, I would have thought that IFOCE would be on temporary hiatus while Revenge Of The Sith is in theaters, but maybe the lines moved fast for them.Second-fastest. The inadvertent winner is the natural by-product of this goon-fest, competitive shitting. You have any idea what eating 62 hot dogs in five minutes will do to your cloaca? Try passing a Volkswagen through your asshole and tell me that's not a sport, Champ.This actually does qualify as strange, that slender Asians are world-beating trenchermen, but so what? What kind of fucking loser jerk watches this crap, much less participates in it? Jesus H. Christ, don't you morons have sock drawers to sort out or something?You know, I'm not a proponent of suicide or anything, but when your life has devolved to such a useless cesspool that you will waste your God-given moments watching some skinny freak (that you would normally sidestep on the street) scarf several dozen hot dogs in a few minutes, it may be time to consider the therapeutic benefits of eating a bullet. Hell, make a competition out of it, see who can eat the most bullets before time runs out. Whatever floats your leaky boat, retard.Jeebus. So it's really just pro wrestling with nitrates. Sweeeeet. And it seemed at first like it was all about the strategery. I, for one, am shocked.It goes on, for far too long. Oh, the competitive yearning and striving. Look, you dumb cunt -- if you're such a fierce competitor, why not become competitive at something useful? Huh? Hmmm? Am I supposed to be uplifted by a woman being rescued from the throes of suicidal depression -- by a hot-dog-eating competition? Are you fucking kidding me?God, does it get worse, and interminably longer. It's like watching grass grow -- mutated, awful, weedy grass. Come-from-behind stories of derring-do that are supposed to be somehow heroic or inspiring -- but they're eating fucking hot dogs! Oy, it makes your head swim just thinking about it. I hope they're so proud of this they televise it on Al Jazeera. Democracy Hot Dog Sexy!More nuggets of wisdom from this stupid sack of shit:You know, there is an old saying, from the wonderful Larry Sanders Show, where Larry remarks about somebody as "he'd suck a dick to win a sack race". It's a clever shorthand to refer to someone who is hyper-competitive over things that mean absolutely nothing. Sonya, I'm not at all impressed by your eating "prowess". I couldn't possibly care less if you sucked down 100 hot dogs in two minutes flat. Really. It's eating, stupid.This whole "Korean gotta be top one" bullshit -- gimme a fuckin' break. Name one thing that Koreans dominate in, besides nail salons in Garden Grove. One thing. This is not to say that they, like many ethnicities, don't have a perfectly fine work ethic. But this broad is positively delusional. Take a quick straw poll of Korean citizens -- Say, would you folks rather have the world's fastest hot dog eater, or the #1 economy? "B", you say? Well, come on! This chick can suck down six dozen hot dogs in ten minutes. Aren't you impressed?And so forth. This is the epitome of abject, pathetic gluttony, of hopeless losers who should have cultivated a useful and productive talent, but instead are content to gorge themselves in front of throngs of braying retards in wife-beater T-shirts and flag doo-rags. Meanwhile, significant chunks of the human population around the world starve, or are chronically malnourished.Worse yet, they seriously seem to think they're doing something besides engaging in mere food porn. what Frank is listening to #90 – ANSAMBL DALMACIJA – Falile Se Kastelanke – (Yugoton) – 1965Of course I know Ansambl Dalmacija.My mum has some of their records which she got when we went back to Croatia, in the then Yugoslavia, on holidays in 1973.I subsequently grew up listening to their evocative songs.The first album of theirs I personally bought was in the US in 1994. I was in an op shop in Astoria, New York and found a release of theirs on the legendary "Monitor" label. "Monitor" were an "ethnic" label from the US that released music from all nations of the world for the many migrants to the US.This 10” album I bought last year from a 40 something Croatian guy in the US – from San Pedro stereotypically, as San Pedro has a very large Croatian population. He is a nice guy, a musician in Croatian-American traditional bands and a Liberace impersonator. In any event I bought this and some other albums and a lot of 45s of various Croat artists.I didn't really need this album as I have all of the songs but this is the original 10" from sometime in the 1960s (probably 1965). So, it’s an indulgence.I already knew and loved the songs. As I'm sitting here with a glass of wine listening to this I'm transported back to a Croatia in my minds eye. If I had not been there the music would have been the wallpaper in my mind for that country. That and the stories my relatives weaned me on … stories dating back to the 1950s when they all left. It would be easy and cynical to say times have changed, and they have, but the traditional (see below) music of the Croatian coast is still very popular, even with the younger crowd. What struck me whilst I was there recently was the fact that all the kids might be into the Ramones, Nirvana, Eric Clapton (groan), Pink Floyd (double groan) and Croatian variations of the same but they also all actively know the songs of their parents and their grandparents. This is their folk music … at least along the coast. And it is very popular … there are hundreds of professional groups and many klapa (see below) festivals.Like all folk music this may be sung professionally but it is also the music of the people. So, when the wine is flowing and the night is late, a piano accordion or guitar (or mandolin) is pulled out and a sing along will ensue until all the wine (or smokes) are finished. Like all good folk music no one is excluded … 8 to 80, male and female, sober and drunk.Similarly, like all good folk music there is message in the music. It would have been punishable by jail to sing overtly patriotic or nationalistic songs (seriously – even up to the 1980s – I had cousins who went to jail for saying the wrong things when pissed) in communist Yugoslavia. Ethnic songs though about your home and life were allowed and in my view are for more effective as songs and as propaganda, as they preserve a world view and a culture, which is what patriotic songs try to do in a less subtle fashion anyway.These songs are in the (festival) klapa tradition which is a style of music from coastal Croatia most commonly associated with Dalmatia though it is practiced up into the northern region of Primorija. In old Yugoslavia the music was popular throughout the country though. It was popularised in the 1940s-1960s though the musical tradition goes back centuries. By that I mean that there are old traditional songs done in the klapa style (see below).From the net: Dalmatia has a rich and long musical tradition. The music is typically Mediterranean one and often strongly resembles seaside Italian, Spanish or Portuguese music in the temperament and structure. What distinguishes it from the latter, are the solely vocally sung (a capella) songs by male five-to-eight ensemble – "klapa" – so called "klapa" songs….So called Dalmatian "klapa" songs are at the core of this music. "Klapa" in Dalmatian dialect means company or group, while in musical terms it refers to five-to-eight member ensembles. Traditionally, the ensemble consists only of male voices, but nowadays we witness the emergence of many mixed and female ensembles with a varying number of members…Nevertheless, its basic characteristic and distinction are, and remain, solely vocal harmony-singing, only rarely discreetly and quietly accompanied by instruments. Part-singing, usually in four parts, is originally spontaneous, performed by the ear and not by following note recordings, so harmonization is simple. A low-pitched accompaniment is stressed by a larger number of singers, giving the songs a more intimate atmosphere.I specified the "festival" klapa tradition above. "Festival klapa" adds instumentation to the music whereas traditional klapa is exclusively a capella.The songs are not diverse when it comes to subject matter – drinking wine, eating, playing a card game called briscula, falling in love, leaving your love, family, leaving your loving family, the harshness of the land, going to sea, and leaving your homeland (usually in the middle of the night). The "genre" has many very melancholy (if not incredibly sad) ballads as well as a lot of up-tempo songs. The slower songs are usually hyper emotional and the upbeat songs are over-exuberant, though even in the up-beat songs there seems to me to be a underlying melancholia. After all, we are talking about a country of (now) 4.5 million people where over a 50 year period about 2 million people left. I say "left" because only a few migrated. Most of them escaped as migration was not allowed between 1945 and 1965 which was the period of the biggest exodus. And yes, it does not escape me that there are many similarities with the Irish in history and music. Though unlike the Irish they have the additional "tie" of a single language, and not the difficulty of having a second dominant language (English, derrr).An American Croatian musical klapa group described the music in its historical site as such: “Even so, the Klapa tradition has been developing for hundreds of years. Originally, groups of men would join together in their villages and sing folk songs based on love, fishing, and the sea. A unique style developed, and it was a mix of local dialect, Slavic sentiment, far eastern sound, and Italian harmonic organization…. In good times, and also in bad, on weekends and late into the night, the Klapas would sing. Until the collapse of the communist government, men's voices could be heard harmonizing in the taverns and along the streets. Traditionally, these groups singing in four-part harmony would attract small crowds of hangers-on and listeners. Women occasionally might join in, especially if it was a nationalistic or familiar folk song, but generally the women enjoyed listening in the background…. The music exhibits tremendous emotion and feel. All the standard and theoretical elements of music can be heard; complex and free rhythms, folk and Italianate harmonies, dynamics, song and verse. It is joyous and romantic; a way to be released from the cares of the world”.Ansambl Dalmacija with its lead Mario Nardelli is probably the most well known and best loved klapa group – The Beatles of klapa (or possibly the "B Sharps" given that it is partially acapella … harrr). This is a good set, though their album from 1966 "Dalmatian Songs" is probably the best.- Falile Se Kastelanke- Barka Je Malena- Slusaj, Mati- Mare, Vilo Moja- Kad Si Bila Mala, Mare- Spavaj Mi, Spavaj, Ancice- Na Brigu Kuca Mala- Nije Ono Ljubav Prava- Nisam Ja Varosanka- Oj, VioloI am fond of all the songs as I have heard them many times though "Barka Je Malena" (The Boat is Small) is a song my mum sang to me as a child so it holds a special significance. And "Nije Ono Ljubav Prava" (This is not a true love) and "Na Brigu Kuca Mala" (On the Hill there is a Small House) are particularly melancholy.Though the tracks are in Croatian you don’t need to understand the lyric to get the emotion, though having the words in English does help. I don’t have them for this LP and I aint about to translate ‘em all. Here are a few … the rest you will have to take my word on.Songs about leaving:Oj Violo – Oh VioletOj violo, oj violo——————–Oh violet , oh violetkraj vode studene—————–Near freezing waterdraga duso, draga duso———My dear soul , my dear soulspomen' se od mene————- Remember meTi od mene, ti od mene———you of me , you of meti od mog imena——————–you of my namegoj se za me, goj se za me—-wait for me , wait for mejos malo vrimena——————–Just a little longerDoci cu ti, doci cu ti————–I will come , I will comekad proklije sime —————-When the seeds start to sproutoj ljubavi, oj ljubavi ————- Oh my love , Oh my loveza te srce gine——————– For you my heart is dyingZbogom draga, zbogom draga———Good bye darling , good bye darlingi nemoj me kleti——————————Don't hate memoje rici, moje rici————————- my words, my wordsdrzi na pameti—————————– keep on your mindSongs about the sea / allegorical:Barka je malena ———The Boat is littleBarka je malena, plovit se ne može,—-The Boat is small we can't keep on sailingOj Maro, Marice, utopit ?emo se.——–Hey Maria, Marie we will drownOj, mladi mornari, što morem plovite, –Hey young seaman, who can swimspasite Maricu od morskih valova!———Save Marie from the sea wavesOj mladi mornari, sko?ite u vodu sad——hey young seaman jump into the water nowSpasite Maricu od morskih valova.———-Save Marie from sea wavesMornari sko?iše, Maru ne na?oše,———-Seaman jumped but they couldn't find MarieOj Maro, Marice, utopila si se!—————–Oh Maria ' Marie you had drownSongs about lost love:Na brigu ku?a mala———–on the hill is little houseNa brigu ku?a mala, na njoj su prozora dva.——— On the hill is little house ,on it they are two windowsNa prozor sjela djeva, ko ruža proljetna.—————-On the window was sitting beauty like spring roseŠto radiš djevo bajna, u tu prekrasnu no?? ———-What you are doing young beauty in this excellent nightMoj dragi zvijezdo sjajna, reko je da ?e do?. ——–My darling shining star told he will comeTri no?i ve? su prošle, otkad ga ?ekam ja.—Three nights has gone since, and I was waitingI mnoge još ?e pro?i, ostajem žalosna.——–and many more will go I will remain sadMoj dragi drugu ljubi, a mene ostavlja.———My darling loves another and is leaving meA ja ga kleti ne?u, jer sam ga voljela.———–and I won't hate him because I loved himNow, before I go I should qualify the “traditional” and “folk” as used above. The music is an authentic folk music though it is only 60-70 years old in its current form. Croatian purists would argue it is not a traditional music of the region as the style of singing and instruments are largely imported from Italy (by local Italian Croatians) and Spain (by sailors) …hence its popularity along the Coast. They would argue that traditional music revolves around the kolo and lindjo (dances) an instruments like Dangubica, Diplica, Istarski Mih, Jedinka, Lijerica, Tamburica Gaida, Gusle, Samica, Šargija, Sopila, Curla, Diple (which is similar to the Hungarian Duda) and styles of singing like the ganga, becarac etc. I assume the purists are right but that doesn’t denigrate the klapa which is specifically Croatian also. I have some non-klapa traditional records in my collection for those interested …and some waiting for listening … be warned though … that music can be dissonant and played in weird scales.So, klapa is their "commercial" folk music. Though, as I have said, the lyrics arise from traditional themes and concerns.Another warning, later commercial klapa music, especially from the 70s and 80s, borders on cabaret as they added a lot of instrumentation, strings etc, whilst the 90s and present stuff has a lot of pop in it. There are also crossovers with English language pop. The pure "folk" form exists in abundance though and should be acapella, or accompanied with only one instrument.I'm keeping this obviously.attached (lyrics above):Barka Je MalenaNa Brigu Kuca MalaSorry, I can’t find any clips of Ansambl Dalmacijaan ad for a klapa compilation LP which include Ansambl Dalmacija:here are some other klapa groups – ranging from the traditional to the cabaret:For those interested in other Croat music styles:(originally posted: 20/09/2009) OPEC has agreed its first oil output cuts since 2008 after Saudi Arabia accepted “a big hit” on its production and dropped its demand on arch-rival Iran to slash output, pushing up crude prices by around 10 percent.Fast-growing producer Iraq also agreed to curtail its booming output, while non-OPEC Russia will join output cuts for the first time in 15 years to help the Organization of the Petroleum Exporting Countries prop up oil prices.“OPEC has proved to the sceptics that it is not dead. The move will speed up market rebalancing and erosion of the global oil glut,” said OPEC watcher Amrita Sen from consultancy Energy Aspects.This article is for general information purposes only. It is not investment advice or a solution to buy or sell securities. Opinions are the authors; not necessarily that of OANDA Corporation or any of its affiliates, subsidiaries, officers or directors. Leveraged trading is high risk and not suitable for all. You could lose all of your deposited funds. Earlier this week, I checked out the Guess Holiday 2014 collection preview. It definitely felt a little bit like Christmas in July, since the collection was full of pretty faux fur coats, deep festive reds and shimmering sequin dresses.The Guess Holiday 2014 collection encompassed a few trends, but I liked seeing springy pastels for winter. The cozy cropped knit sweaters would look great with a winter white wool coat, while I immediately fell in love with that awesome pale blue yeti coat.For accessories, the brand is putting out solely pointy toe stilettos, and I loved the black lace ones. I also really liked the calf hair Dalmatian print on one handbag.Another section of the collection focuses on animal prints and graphic tees, drawing influence from vinyl records and comic art.The last part of the collection is more refined and evening-focused. I fell in love with one black peacoat with faux fur cuffs and details. I liked a polka dot sheer dress, which also came in a top, if you want to wear it with a skirt or pants. There were also a few beautiful sequined dresses, which would be perfect for New Year’s Eve.Another hit was this denim daisy print look, which is so perfect for summer, I’d want to wear it right now. The Guess Holiday 2014 collection is definitely infused with a 1990s vibe, but the silhouettes are still modern. Ice speed proves too much for the Pats d and fourth line unit. Ice forwards work their magic and Ismond restores the Ice two goal lead. 4-2 Ice.Pats cut into the lead with 1:53 left as Carlson let's a wrist shot go from the right point to make it 4-3. Assists to Teubert and Eberle.With 54 seconds left and the goalie pulled... Eberle finds himself with the puck and beats Mathews top shelf to tie it up! 4-4 heading to OT.Shots after three: 31-26 Ice.Sent from my BlackBerry® wireless handheld Welcome to my blog. Here, you'll find entries and updates about my journey as a novelist, poet, storyteller, graphic/web designer, script writer, and creative soul, hoping to find her words in commercial media someday. So sit back, relax, and enjoy the ride.Thanks for stopping by!Okay, since when does blogging become like this full-time J O B? Now, I've got people (who shall remain nameless) tweeting me about my blog posts...like, uh, I'm not blogging enough! Huh? I suppose it's a compliment that my posts are enjoyed so much that they are in demand or something, but seriously, I've got like a day job and other stuff and blogging, well, blogging finds itself somewhere at the bottom of the stack. Still, for those demanding few, here ya go! Heart Push-up Padded Dot 2 Pcs Set Bikini SwimwearWhite dot print, push up padded bikini will make you sexy and eye catching in the beach.Material: Polyester, SpandexCollar: Halter NeckGarment Care: Hand-wash and Dry CleanUnique style, create a illusion for stunning curves / Unique style, make you more beautiful, fashion, sexy and elegant.Package Content: 1 x Women Bikini SetProcessing Time: will be shipped out in 2-3 days.Standard Shipping: 7-20 days to US, CA, AU, UK; 7-35 days to other countries.Express Shipping: 2-7 days to US; 2-10 days to other countriesOur return policy is only accept return within 7 days from the deliver date, in another word, you should contact with us within 7 days from deliver date and give us the return tracking number in 10days. More Details The 85-page report details instances in which Hauser changed data so that it would show a desired effect. It shows that he more than once rebuffed or downplayed questions and concerns from people in his laboratory about how a result was obtained. The report also describes “a disturbing pattern of misrepresentation of results and shading of truth” and a “reckless disregard for basic scientific standards.”In a pistachio shell, when his experiments didn't get the results he wanted, he changed the data.I find this very difficult to understand. Post docs competing for the dwindling share of faculty appointments, assistant professors desperately striving for tenure, frustrated non-entities seeing no chance for glory, yeah, they have motives to cheat and you can make all sorts of arguments about how academic culture, the social organization of science, the competition for grant funding as public support for science yo-yos, all contribute to scientific misconduct.But none of this applied to Hauser. He was already tenured at Harvard, already famous, already positioned to suck up all the funding he needed. He had no discernible motive for fraud. And his general program of research does not appear to be a tissue of fraud; it's just some particular experiments that didn't go his way. People often write that an experiment "failed." There's no such thing. If it's well done, then the result is informative, no matter what it is. Maybe it turns out that your idea for a warp drive won't allow you to travel faster than light after all, but now you know something that you didn't know before. Maybe your monkeys can't figure out how to do division, but now you know. It still counts, and it has the virtue of being true.Evidently Hauser is out on Cape Cod somewhere working with at risk youth. I hope he isn't purporting to be a role model. Vogue Special Design S-4119; ca. 1939; ONE PIECE FROCK AND COAT. Frock with shaped collarless V neckline and soft fullness in front blouse achieved by gathers at the shoulders and above diagonal line of skirt panel which is cut in one with the blouse. Sectional flared skirt joins blouse across side-front and back under belt. Long or short gathered-top sleeves.Princess fitting coat has gathered fullness at shoulders, collar-less neck-line and shaped seams from armholes to hem at back and front provide the fitted waist and flared skirt. Long, loose or three-quarters length gathered-top sleeves.Links to reviews/blog postsEditAdd a photo to the gallery by clicking the "modify" button below. All throughout Monrovia there are street vendors selling everything under the sun – out of wheelbarrows they push down the roads, in plastic baskets and buckets they carry on their heads, off cloths they lay down on the pavement to display their wares, and on makeshift tables and stands.In particular, there are a lot of women selling fruits and vegetables, usually clustered in certain areas around town. There isn’t a huge array of produce, but you will easily find tomatoes, onions, garlic, greens, cucumbers, potatoes and sweet potatoes, plantains, and avocados (which Liberians neatly call “butter pears”).I’m not very good at eating my veggies, but I love the fruits they have for sale – pineapples, papayas (which Liberians and other Africans call “paw paw”), oranges, apples, mangoes, guava, and bananas in more shapes, sizes, and flavours than you ever knew existed. My favourite are the small sweet fingerling bananas. |Note that this article is still under construction.|Felipe Julio de Curtis (1927 – 1985) was an Altivebrian statesman, politician and a social worker who served as the President of Altivebrio from 1984 till his assassination by Reyo de la Mozza in 1985.He took office on 20 January, 1984 representing the Altivebrian Republican Party and the Communist Party of Latin America after defeating Marcelo Vargas of the New Conservative Party and Alfonso Lucio Osario of the Altivebrio Labour Party.The Altivebrian Civil War broke out during the first year of his tenure, and being the Supreme Commander of the Altivebrio Defense Forces opted to focus the military attention towards the relatively low-intensity Altivebrian-Mexican War which enabled the ALC to gain territory within Altivebrio. After the ADF defeat Battle of Puerto del Sol, Felipe began an aggressive attack on the rebels.Felipe Julio Llorente was born sometime in 1927 to Hugo Michel Llorente, an Altivebrian communist politician who was part of the team that wrote Altivebrio's constitution. He attended and graduated from the Baldomero Military Academy in 1943 and served two years in the military police after the Fascist Coup d'état attempt in 1940.After World War II, Felipe attended the St. Adelemus University where he studied journalism from 1945 till 1948 and political science from 1948 till 1952. His father changed their family name to de Curtis in 1946.Felipe de Curtis met Rodrigo Alvarez in 1950, and under his advise joined the youth wing of the Communist Party of Altivebrio, despite his father telling him otherwise. Felipe aggressively promoted communism in Altivebrio, and spoke with various trade organizations to join their party and accept communism.He left the communist party and joined the Conservative Party in 1955, and became the mayor of Las Direuz from 1957 till 1962, and later became the Chief Secretary to the Vice President following the previous Vice-President's mysterious disappearance in 1962. He worked as the chief secretary to Vice President Delphia de Odeo y Guardiola.He then resigned from his position as the secretary to the Vice President in 1967, and joined the leadership committe for the Conservative Party and remained there till it's dissolution in 1965.Secretary of StateEditHe joined the Altivebrian Republican Party after a brief hiatus in 1966, and served as the Secretary of State from 1968 till 1974. His tenure as Secretary of State was widely appreciated in Altivebrio, as well as in Latin America and by the wp:United States of America. He resolved border conflicts with Mexico and supervised the signing of many bilateral and trilateral trade agreements within the Latin American countries.After his father died in 1975, he inherited most of the de Curtis family wealth.He took a break from his political career from 1974 till 1978, and then for two years till 1980 was Altivebrio's representative to the UN.In 1983, he announced that he had intentions of becoming the President of Altivebrio. On 3 August, 1983, the coalition between the Altivebrian Republican Party and the Communist Party of Latin America chose Felipe de Curtis as it's candidate for presidency. de Curtis' presidential campaign was deemed too aggressive by the international media, and widespread accusations of corruption and suppressed news articles were raised.Even though he had a remarkable career as Secretary of State, many considered de Curtis' presidency to be below average. His popularity soured down after the Altivebrian Civil War began.He announced in 1984, that Alconbrian-speaking people had to pay an inhabiting tax, along with a rise in their income taxes, and later Altivebrio closed it's borders to the Alconbrians, preventing them from seeking refuge in their neighbouring countries, especially Mexico. The situation worsened when the Legiones de Pureza massacred 1,400 Alconbrians in Puerto Pedro on New Years' Day, 1984.The beginning of the Segundo Limpieza increased the tensions between the Alconbrian people and the Altivebrian government. Emmanuel Jiménez and Antonio Durán, two famous Alconbrian politicians led a reformation movement and united all Alconbrian people's parties, creating the Alconbria Liberation Council; the council's only aim is to create a sovereign independent state for the Alconbrians using any means necessary.Around the same time, an Altivebrian jet fighter was shot down by the Mexican Air Force 25 miles ahead of the border, creating a stir in the tense relations. This escalated the Altivebrian-Mexican conflict from low-intensity to total war. Felipe de Curtis, as per the instructions of his Secretary of Defense, ordered an invasion of Xpiankmul, and wanted to capture the Mexican city of Campeche, which was claimed by Altivebrio since 1922. The invasion failed, and more than 400 Altivebrian soldiers were killed by the Mexicans, while the latter only lost 87 soldiers and three scout helicopters.In the 19th of January, the Alconbria Liberation Council attacked and captured the city of Los Guez. As a result of this and the failed invasion of Mexico, President Curtis' popularity ratings soured down.He then left for a diplomatic visit to France and Germany to procure advanced weapons in fighting the Mexicans, as well as the ALC. He placed a $80 billion order for purchasing European attack helicopters and bombers, and a $20 billion dollar deal to supply the Altivebrio Defense Forces with state of the art weapons.Using his Presidential authority, he passed a bill which would raise taxes on importing motor vehicles from Asia, hoping that it would raise the sales of locally and European made cars.On 22 January, 1985; the ALC slaughtered more than 250 Altivebrians in Los Guez, triggering an international outcry. de Curtis laid out plans to bomb till the self-proclaimed Alconbrian Territories were levelled. He also persuaded international organizations to aid Altivebrio in combating the terrorists.His assassin, Reyo de la Mozza was captured by the Altivebrio Defense Forces in 1987 and was imprisoned for 15 years before being executed by shooting in 2002.Felipe de Curtis married Marta Aracruz, a physicist and an university professor in 1953, and gave birth to his first child, Maria de Curtis in 1955. They subsequently gave birth to Lucio de Curtis in 1957, who would later be the CEO of Luccom Inc., Altivebrio's leading telecommunications operator since 1995.Felipe and Marta divorced in 1965. Felipe subsequently married Mariana Roldán a Mexican model in 1968 who is 16 years younger than him, and gave birth to his second daughter, Cairistiona de Curtis in 1972 and his second son, Christopher de Curtis in 1975.Being the son of the rich statesman Hugo de Curtis, Felipe lived a privileged life right from his birth. Prior to his assassination, his net worth was reported to be around $40 million dollars.His home in Los Guez was reportedly sold for $5 million in 1979 to raise funds for his elections. He inherited one of Delphia de Odeo's 500,000 sq. ft mansions in Los Viñedos, which is rumored to cost around $5 million and now currently belongs to his eldest daughter, Maria de Curtis.He was also an avid collector of luxury watches, and according to his second wife Mariana, had about $1 million worth of luxury watches. He also owned 50 cars, 15 of them being classic German luxury sports sedans and 2 limousines. He also owned a single-seat helicopter and a motor boat, both of which were sold by his son in 2000. His car collection is estimated to be around $15 million. One of his garages was set fire by the Alconbria Liberation Council during the Altivebrian Civil War. Okay. Deep breath. Focus. Muster up motivation to update the blog.Alright. I'm ready. After a long day at work, it takes some oomph to start writing instead of zoning out in front of the tube. But, here I am, finally. It's been 20 days since we arrived in Charlotte, North Carolina, and unfortunately, we haven't seen much of the South except the inside of the climbing gym. The job is cruising along though, so at least we have something to show for our time here.The prow of the free-standing boulder. Pretty cool, huh?Cody just finished the second and final layer of plywood sheeting on the toprope wall, which means that he can help me with my jobs: filling the cracks with wood putty, drilling out the holes for the T-nuts, and sanding. John called my jobs "remedial" today- which made me laugh. I think he meant "menial," which they certainly are, but I'm not sure what they remedy- my wimpiness, perhaps? Or maybe my patience? Menial as the work may be, I can still listen to my ipod as I work, which keeps me sane and happy.I've been downloading podcasts recently, to try and engage my brain a little. Podcasts are pretty amazing little bits of technology- today I listened to David McCullough talk about "Why History Matters," and Michael Pollan discuss "Where our food comes from." It's so cool to be able to listen to smart people discussing interesting and relevant topics whenever and wherever for free! So, work is going well. Cody and I will be home on Bainbridge for Christmas, most certainly. We had a wonderful Thanksgiving break- I'll have to tell that story another evening. Because now, it's time for bed.I hope you all are out there living your dreams. I know we are. Well, sorta. The Battle of the WildernessIn this field and its surrounding woods fell nearly one-third of the men killed or wounded in the Battle of the Wilderness.Have you seen this marker? If so, check in and tell us about it.|Placed By||Fredericksburg and Spotsylvania Natioanl Military Park||Marker Condition||No reports yet||Date Added||Wednesday, October 22nd, 2014 at 10:43pm PDT -07:00||UTM (WGS84 Datum)||18S E 258972 N 4244638||Decimal Degrees||38.31748333, -77.75695000||Degrees and Decimal Minutes||N 38° 19.049', W 77° 45.417'||Degrees, Minutes and Seconds||38° 19' 2.94" N, 77° 45' 25.02" W||Driving Directions||Google Maps||Closest Postal Address||At or near 35401-36383 VA-20, Locust Grove VA 22508, US||Alternative Maps||Google Maps, MapQuest, Bing Maps, Yahoo Maps, MSR Maps, OpenCycleMap, MyTopo Maps, OpenStreetMap| So, for all we know...he is taking his first and only girl in his life, for his wife. This is not good even for girls...and sounds completely crazy, cause we are talking about tennis number one. Not that I want him to be Safin...but...It came to me earlier...how hard for these guys can it be to find a regular girl? I mean not a girl chasing his fame and money...but the real one. I believe that Jelena is the right choice, but this is too early, I'm afraid.Agree with both statementsI understand we're your coming from :3 after all, that almosthappened to me("dated" my "maker" -TB term, I need to be humorous about this dark period of my life-), with my boyfriend of 6 years, I was 19 when we started to date (he was 23) and 25, when we separated for good, over the course of time, we ended up being married without actually getting married, cause you get so 'used to' be with that person all the time that you tend to believe the next logical step to do is get hitched... or to break up.In Nole and Jelena's case, the thing is they've been dating for 5-6 years I think? e.e once you get to that stage, some couples (due to social pressure, some times) see it as a, make it or break it deal, so they decide to get married, OR to break up. I'm not saying they're not in love, because you only have to see them together to notice how much they care about each other. But it can be very frustrating investing your life into be part of somebody else's only to end up with nothing i the long run? They may be young, they may be the first serious relationship of each other, but I do believe that what they have is genuine and healthy for Novak, this is a girl who has been with him trough ups & downs, all before the # 1 madness, so, in the light of that, I believe she's the right choice... the timing? not so good, Nole's schedule is extremely demanding and physically excruciating, maybe next year, he'll have a little more space to do it the right way, but to extend it too much could also be a double edge swordOn the other hand, Tipsy's married and he seems to be doing fineand he's almost my age (meh, he was born a year later than me), is Biljana his first serious girlfriend too?In the end I hope that if they do get married, it all works for the best for both!And please stop believing in the rumor that Andy will be his best manAndy over Janko/Viktor? Really??And as a final note, I'm positive that if this happens, whenever it does, Novak will be the first to put it on his twitter/FB, he won't give the exclusive to such an important moment in his life to some tabloid. DCDC2 is associated with reading disability and modulates neuronal development in the brain.Meng, H., Smith, S.D., Hager, K. et al. Proc. Nat. Acad. Sci., 102(47), 17053-17058 (November 22, 2005).Genetic factors underlying reading disability (RD) have not been well characterized, but the DYX2 locus has been well linked to the problem. The current report sheds further light on the subject by identifying a gene in the DYX2 locus that creates susceptibility to developing RD.Using a marker panel of 147 single nucleotide polymorphisms in a 1.5 Mb span near marker JA04, the authors searched for genes that correlated with RD in 536 samples from 153 families at the Colorado Learning Disabilities Research Center. Two SNPs in DCDC2 were found to correlate significantly with RD susceptibility, and a previously uncharacterized deletion in the region designated as C_449792, was identified in intron 2 of DCDC2 of genes from 10 families. The deletion, spanning 2,445 bp, is located between regions coding for DCX doublecortin peptide.Quantitative real-time RT-PCR found DCDC2 to be one of the most variably expressed genes, out of eight studied, in 17 regions of human brain. The gene was most highly expressed in the entorhinal cortex, inferior temporal cortex, medial temporal cortex, hypothalamus, amygdala, and hippocampus.The functional role of the DCDC2 gene was then investigated by studying the effect of an RNAi to the gene on development of the neocortex in utero. Transfection slowed neuronal migration from the surface of the ventrical, where mitosis occurs, to the pial surface, where the cortex is forming.The studies show that the deletion in the DCDC2 gene alters the normal development of the neocortex, which, in turn, predisposes individuals to RD. However, because no gross brain abnormalities were found in the RNAi experiments, the DCDC2 gene product appears to play a modulatory role in neuronal migration, unlike the DCX gene’s doublecortin, which plays a pivotal role in normal cortical development.Message posted by: Keith MarkeyBookmark and Share this page (what is this?)Social bookmarking allows users to save and categorise a personal collection of bookmarks and share them with others. This is different to using your own browser bookmarks which are available using the menus within your web browser.Use the links below to share this article on the social bookmarking site of your choice.Read more about social bookmarking at Wikipedia - Social BookmarkingVariants Associated with Pediatric Allergic DisorderMutations in PHF6 Found in T-Cell LeukemiaGenetic Risk Variant for Urinary Bladder CancerAntibody Has Therapeutic Effect on Mice with ALSRegulating P53 Activity in Cancer CellsAnti-RNA Therapy Counters Breast Cancer SpreadMitochondrial DNA DiversityThe Power of RNA Sequencing‘Pro-Ageing' Therapy for Cancer?Niche Genetics Influence LeukaemiaMolecular Biology: Clinical Promise for RNA InterferenceChemoprevention Cocktail for Colon Cancermore news ... Dame Carol Ann Duffy returns to host her hugely successful poetry and music nights at Manchester’s iconic Royal Exchange.Following the unprecedented success of past seasons, Carol Ann Duffy DBE returns to the relaxed and atmospheric Royal Exchange Studio Theatre to introduce emerging and established writers: readings from the Manchester Writing School’s best new poets and a performance by a special guest star of national stature. There’s a chance to meet and mingle with the poets and get copies of their books signed during the interval, and music from the house jazz band.Dates for series 13:Monday 16th January 2017, 7pm – special guest: Liz LochheadMonday 13th February 2017, 7pm – special guest: Elaine FeinsteinMonday 20th March 2017, 7pm – special guest: Adam O’RiordanAt the Royal Exchange Theatre, St Ann’s Square, Manchester M2 7DH.Carol Ann Duffy and Friends is sponsored by the Department of English at Manchester Metropolitan University and presented in partnership with Macdonald Hotels & Resorts and Blackwell’s. Join the Manchester Writing School mailing list, contact email@example.com, or follow us on Twitter @mcrwritingschl. SAN MARCOS, CA— The 7th Annual San Diego International Beer Competition concluded Sunday, June 23, with The Lost Abbey earning 6 total medals as well as being honored with the first ever “Champion Brewery” award. (The Champion Brewery award was bestowed upon the brewery location with the most cumulative points based on awards.)For three years running, The Lost Abbey / Port Brewing (Port Brewing Co.) has led or tied for the lead with the most medals in The San Diego International Beer Competition. In 2011, Port Brewing Co. garnered 6 total medals which was tied for the most awards. At the 2012 Competition, Port Brewing Co. topped the leaderboard with 8 total medals in addition to winning the Best of Show for Carnevale Ale.“Having one of the largest commercial craft beer competitions in California each year, we take great pride in competing at the highest level on our home turf,” said Tomme Arthur, Director of Brewery Operations for The Lost Abbey and Port Brewing. “Consumers are always looking for validation, an award from the San Diego International Beer Competition shows them the excellence in brewing we strive for each day.”The San Diego International Beer Competition and Festival ran from June 21 through June 23 at the Del Mar Fairgrounds. The competition received over 900 entries from 19 different countries and 22 states in the U.S. making it one of the largest in the country. People often ask me about the differences between the two trains.Here are the differences:-Schedule- they leave at the same time- and second is hooked to the back of it-Stops- 1st makes fewer stops in the past- now the train will stop at any station where people want to get off and at all of the major stops. Just be sure the conductor knows you want to get off if you are getting of at say Cuiteco or Pitorreal.-Cars- The 1st cars are slightly nicer- like they have better luggage areas at the front and they are carpeted.-Food and drink- 1st has a menu-ed restaurant and a bar car- nice areas to sit and relax. 2nd simply has a cafe car with stand up tables. The 1st menu is like bar food in the US and decent. 2nd just has drinks and warm up burritos and sandwiches and ramen noodles. The only stop for food is the 15 minute stop at Divisadero where you can get delicious vendor food.-People- 1st tends to have tourists, tour groups (uugh!), and Mexican families and business people. 2nd has more locals, Indians, and so on. Lots of kids.-Service- Roughly the same, but they treat you a bit more like tourists on 1st.-What I prefer….hmmm…to experience the people and the place, 2nd. To just get there if I want to relax and rest, 1st. I like our groups to experience both. I’ve written occasionally on the social and economic aspects of medicine, and I have to say that this is one of the most important studies to be published in some time. Never before has the effect of having health insurance been studied with the rigor that was possible here, and this study is likely to be cited by politicians for years to come, if not wholly shift the current discussion.One of the basic findings of the study is that people with health insurance, even health insurance as flawed as Medicaid, are more likely to use healthcare services, including being 35% more likely to go to a doctor as compared to those without healthcare. Accessing doctors doesn’t mean that all of our problems are solved, but it greatly increases the likelihood that negative outcomes are prevented down the road. That said, the study didn’t indicate any difference in amount of ER visits, so it’s unclear as to whether the increased access to doctors had an effect on morbidity and mortality. The effect of Medicaid on the health outcomes of subscribers is currently being studied, and I’m anxiously awaiting results.However, what is clear is that Medicaid subscribers were significantly more likely to access preventive health services, including mammograms and cholesterol checks. These factor are indeed likely to decrease morbidity and mortality. Similarly, people with insurance were overwhelmingly more likely to have an established doctor or clinic, adding greatly to continuity of care, an important factor in the quality of healthcare a patient receives. Additionally, patients with Medicaid were more likely to rate their health as being good or excellent, and significantly less likely to report deteriorating health.Finally, the study shows that Medicaid provides significant financial benefit to its beneficiaries. People on Medicaid were significantly less likely to have unpaid medical bills sent to collection agencies, as well as being less likely to fail to pay other bills or borrow money because of medical expenses. This demonstrates that Medicaid works as a social program. While it is yet undetermined whether or not Medicaid improves health outcomes, it is clear that it is an effective economic safety net for those most in need – this alone vouches for its value.This study and its yet-to-be-completed sequel are likely to shape public policy for years to come. It’s rare that we have the opportunity to study the effect of government programs with the same rigor as medical trials, but here the opportunity fell on the laps of a few lucky researchers. In a controlled study, Medicaid showed that it works to improve access to physicians, improves utilization of preventive medical services, and decreases economic hardship – if that’s not reason to keep it up and running, if not expand and improve it, I don’t know what is. Let’s talk about computer technology a little. I am no expert in the area, but I try my best: I read, I ask and I am genuinely interested in these things because I’m simply naturally curious.When I got my MacBook Pro laptop, I was somehow convinced that I’ll never have to worry about not having enough memory to store all my photos, videos, cartoons and animated movies I download for Matthew. I mean, isn’t this a state-of-the-art piece of technology that is designed to meet the eternal need of itsContinue readingMy 4-year-old niece is sensitive to allergies, mold allergy to be precise (I’ll often refer to her as M, it’s the first letter of her name). My sister and brother-in-law noticed first signs after they moved into their new home (just one block away from us; I was super excited and happy). In fact everythingContinue reading - Decide as a family that there will be no vacation or holiday next year unless you have your year’s supply. Many Church members could buy a full year’s supply of the basics from what they would save by not taking a vacation. Take the vacation time and work on a family garden. Be together, and it can be just as much fun.- If you haven’t a year’s supply yet and you do have boats, snowmobiles, campers, or other luxury possessions, sell or trade one or two or more of them and get your year’s supply.Too often we bask in our comfortable complacency and rationalize that the ravages of war, economic disaster, famine, and earthquake cannot happen here. Those who believe this are either not acquainted with the revelations of the Lord, or they do not believe them. Those who smugly think these calamities will not happen, that they somehow will be set aside because of the righteousness of the Saints, are deceived and will rue the day they harbored such a delusion. - Ezra Taft BensonTuesday, March 1, 2011No vacation until you have a year's supply!Posted by Heidi Allen Hendricks The Turkish side levelled the tie on aggregate after Bestikas midfielder Tolgay Arslan curled a finish past Liverpool goalkeeper Simon Mignolet in the 72nd minute.The Reds failed to add to Mario Balotelli’s strike from the first leg and score a vital away goal, losing their first European penalty shootout 5-4.Here is a selection of the best Twitter reaction from disappointed Liverpool legends and other former professionals in chronological order to events in Istanbul.Liverpool legend Luis Garcia (@LuchoGarcia14) is hoping for the luck of the Irish as the Champions League winner works on the game for Republic of Ireland’s TV3: “Ready for Besiktas vs Liverpool Europa League on Tv3Irland. #Dublin #europaleague #oncearedalwaysared #backintime”Former Stoke City defender Danny Higginbotham (@Higginbotham05) knows all about the long-ball approach from his time working under Tony Pulis: “Simple long ball over the top for Liverpool is the key for them tonight. Besiktas defence playing far to high.”Everton legend Peter Reid (@reid6peter)recalls a famous penalty shootout that happened at the same stadium almost 10 years ago: “Could it be a penalty shoot out in Turkey? Heard that somewhere !!!!”Former Manchester United defender Gary Neville (@GNev2) is human after all as the pundit suffers an ITV4 blackout like the rest of us: “Is it my TV or have we lost the game”The untimely ITV4 fault provides a positive as Liverpool legend Jamie Carragher (@Carra23) engages in some Twitter banter with his fellow Sky Sports pundit: [email protected] Yes Gary, can’t imagine you watched the pens here last time either!”Before one of the heroes of the 2005 Champions League final win tries to summon the spirit of Istanbul: “Mignolet do a Dudek & get on the 6 yard box!!”Crystal Palace midfielder James Mcarthur (@jamesmcarthur16) is impressed with Besiktas’ emphatic spot-kicks: “Besiktas been practicing put the pen in the top corner”Southampton legend Matt Le Tissier (@mattletiss7) is well-placed to judge the difference between a good penalty and a toe poke: “Some quality pens being taken here #messitakenote”Former Liverpool striker Don Hutchison (@donhutch4) can’t understand why Lovren was the fifth penalty taker: “Why would Lovren take the 5th Pen!!!!”Norwich legend Darren Huckerby (@hucks6dh6) isn’t a bit surprised with Lovren’s attempt: “That’s what happens when you let a CB take a Pen ! #BallsForTakingItThough”Kevin Long (@kevinlong28) reckons Besiktas are getting slightly carried away after a last-32 win: “Did Besiktas just win the UEFA Cup?”Finally, Carragher has the last word: “Unlucky Reds… ITV1 now for the Blues, they’ll have to go & win it for the city because there already celebrating like they have!!”MORE: Man United latest newsMORE: Arsenal latest newsMORE: Chelsea latest newsMORE: Liverpool latest news Consent workshops for incoming first-year students have undergone several changes after 400 students participated in last year’s successful pilot.The most successful workshops of their kind in Ireland last year, the classes were held in Trinity Hall over the course of Freshers’ Week. This year’s workshops have been changed to reflect suggestions made by last year’s participants. Changes to the workshops include more proactive activities, different training for facilitators, a new curriculum devised specifically for Trinity students and an administration committee to help the workshops run more smoothly.Speaking to The University Times, Rachel Skelly, last year’s Trinity College Dublin Students’ Union (TCDSU) Gender Equality Officer and who is still a lead organiser of the workshops, said that these changes were implemented to move away from the emphasis on alcohol and to “encourage people to be more open”.This year’s workshops will provide students with a bank of vocabulary that they can use in discussions around sex and consent but, in a change from last year, also provides them with questions so they can be more proactive. “It’s encouraging people to seek consent”, explained Skelly, “not just to react and say yes or no to what they’re comfortable with”.The shift from being reactive to proactive is a common theme throughout the new workshops. Speaking to The University Times, TCDSU Welfare Officer Damien McClean explained that “sex can be awkward to talk about” so students will be encouraged to take part in interactive group games rather than talking in small groups.“It’s helping people be OK with not knowing everything and allowing them to ask questions and encouraging the facilitators to ask questions as well because we are not all knowing”, Skelly said.There has also been a shift in the type of people the organisers are looking for to run the workshops, with more emphasis being put on those who are comfortable in front of a group of people rather those with active listening training. As a result, this year’s training will be “more focused on leading”, according to Skelly, to ensure that everyone benefits from the sessions.There have also been several behind-the-scenes practical changes. There will be no classes run on the Monday of Freshers’ Week due to a low turnout last year. “It’s their first day of college, they want to be on campus and sign up to everything”, Skelly noted. “So we’re not running any workshops on the Monday.” Instead, two workshops will run side-by-side over the course of the rest of the week. McClean hopes that this will help them hit a “sweet spot” for numbers where the workshops won’t be too crowded or badly attended. There will also be an administrative committee who will be responsible for booking venues, organising attendance lists and other general administrative tasks. Skelly admitted that they had “learned a lot from running them once” and hopes that this experience will help them going forward.The original workshops were based on content from NUI Galway’s Smart Consent workshops. Last year’s TCDSU Welfare Officer, Aoibhinn Loughlin, admitted however that “it wasn’t the best fit for Trinity”. A lot of her work last year, therefore, was “making sure the workshops weren’t completely heteronormative, they weren’t male blaming and they weren’t judgemental”. Loughlin ran focus groups with students and facilitators to see what should be changed. As a result the scenarios involved in the workshops this year are “a little bit less obvious and a little bit less clear so people can have a conversation about it”, explained Loughlin. “It’s all focused on very positive consent”, she continued. “That’s something we want to push. It’s about starting a conversation about it not necessarily about preventing sexual violence at this stage.”As well as student contributions, changes were suggested based on an Irish Times survey that found most people’s first sexual encounters occur when they are 18 or 19-years old. Organisers found that the emphasis on alcohol-related situations was unhelpful, considering many people’s first sexual encounter might not take place in an alcohol-fuelled environment.McClean noted that the new workshops will benefit from having several students involved in organising this year’s workshops who participated in the classes last year. “We know what the flaws are”, he explained. “We have a lot of knowledge in second year and hopefully in three years time consent will be a known thing in college. We will be at that critical mass.”The initial announcement of the consent workshops in Trinity sparked a national debate about how sexual education is taught in Ireland. After failed consent workshops in University College Dublin (UCD), the Trinity workshops has been viewed as an aspirational model for other colleges. Speaking to The University Times about the announcement of consent workshops being introduced to Queen’s University Belfast through a joint initiative with Queen’s University Belfast Students Union (QUBSU) the union’s Welfare Officer Jessica Elder, said that their classes could be like “Trinity on steroids”. My sister just had twins, so leading up to their birth, there has been a lot of talk about babies and the inevitable questions of procreation were shot out at me like a machine gun. The first one Azul asked was, “How do the babies come out?” My initial thought was, whew, at least he didn’t ask how they got in, and I replied very confidently, “Through the birth canal.” Good thinking me! That bought me some extra time, was my next thought. He didn’t quite understand what a birth canal was and it just went over his head. I dodged a bullet. A few days later, and now that he knows the babies come out through the birth canal, he wanted to know how they got in, in the first place. And again, this round of shots came at an inopportune time and I was not ready to delve into the subject, so I very carefully explained, “When a man and a woman love each other very much, they go to a fertility doctor, who then makes a baby and puts it in the woman.” We both laughed and the conversation moved on. Now, I wasn’t lying to him, that is what happens in many cases and I know more and more couples who do it that way than the good old-fashioned way.The morning the babies were to be born we talked about it again. This time while comfortably cuddling in my bed in the early morning. He asked, “Are the babies going to be pooped out?” Which seems like a logical conclusion, since he is familiar with the digestive system. He knows when food goes in his stomach it is eventually pooped out, and it proved that he did take some time to think about it by himself. So, I praised his efforts and thought process and then said, “When the babies are born they will go through the birth canal and the out the vagina, that is a woman’s pee-pee.” (And yes, I am going to stick to the term pee-pee for now! He’s only five!) He looked at me wide-eyed and said, “They must be tiny babies to come out your pee-pee!” And then laughed. In full baby talk now, I continued the explanation and concluded with, “A woman’s body is amazing and is made to support babies and give birth to them.” Still looking at me said, “Show me on you.” I laughed and said, “Oh, we’ll get you a book!” And we did.The book was very cute and talked about some bodies having a uterus and some not, and sometimes having a baby hurts a little and sometimes it hurts a lot. (I am calling bullshit on this, it hurts a lot!) At the end of the story, Azul, launching the last bomb, said, “I’m glad I don’t have a uterus. It won’t hurt me at all.” And that was what he got out of all the baby talk, he doesn’t have a uterus, so it won’t hurt him. Sigh! The Yankees went into the 2011 season looking like underdogs, but by the end of the year they had the best record in the American League and finished second only to the Phillies for the best overall record.Apparently they did it without the top rookie, manager, pitcher, or overall player. In fact, they weren’t even close as no Yankee finished even in the top three of any category.Yesterday’s MVP announcement crowed Tigers’ starter Justin Verlander. The Yankees Curtis Granderson came the closest finishing in fourth place for that award. Robinson Cano finished sixth, CC Sabathia was 14th, Mark Teixeira 19th, and David Robertson came in 23rd.Verlander also took the Cy Young with Sabathia finishing fourth. Mariano Rivera finished eighth for the Cy and D-Rob finished 11th. I expected Sabathia to come in second, but apparently the voters didn’t agree.Yankees managers never get their recognition so I wasn’t surprised to see Joe Girardi come in fifth for the award despite the phenomenal job he did in the toughest division in the game. Nobody, nobody expected the Yankees to take the division this year and in the end it wasn’t even close.Finally there was the Rookie of the Year award that went to the Rays Jeremy Hellickson. Ivan Nova finished fourth here which is fair considering he didn’t come on strong until the second half of the year. He probably came the closest to winning any of these awards as he at least got one first place vote.In the end I wasn’t surprised that the Yankees didn’t get any of the awards. I wasn’t expecting them to. Although I would have voted for Joe Girardi considering how much he got out of the team that was expected to take a step back this year.My question is, who was the most deserving snub? Banglalink MB Transfer! Hi Guys, Welcome to BL Internet Sharing System! We are happy to inform you about the MB Transfer and Gift Options of all Banglalink Internet users who want to Transfer MB from a Banglalink Number to another Banglalink Number. The process is very easy and anyone can complete the task within 30 Sec. Before starting to Gift MB in Banglalink, Just Read the details info from the below first and then try to Gift MB with Your Banglalink SIM.Banglalink MB Transfer:A large Number of People want to Share something with their Friends or Family Member. With the Banglalink MB Transfer System, a Banglalink user can Request to transfer the Internet from or to another Banglalink Number. The Relation will increase with Friends or Family Member by Sharing Internet data with the Banglalink MB Transfer System. Here is the details info about Banglalink MB Transfer System, and Banglalink MB Request System general Concept.Banglalink MB Transfer System & MB Request System:With the Same system, The Banglalink user can Request MB for another Banglalink Number and also can transfer MB to another Banglalink Number. In this age of sharing, BL brings you an amazing way of sharing MB. Gift or, Transfer internet to your Banglalink friends anytime When you may want or Request a friend for MB during emergencies. You will only require being a prepaid or calling and controlling customer to avail this internet sharing service.- To gift, transfer or request Banglalink MB, Dial *5000*55#.- To Check the Internet Balance of Banglalink MB Transfer, Dial *124*500#.Banglalink MB Transfer Service Details:- The price of the Banglalink Internet Package which you have transferred will be deducted from your main account balance.- Apart from the price of the Desire internet package, there is no other charge for gifting another Banglalink user.- You can Gift Internet Package to Any Banglalink Prepaid Number.- You can Only Transfer the Selected Internet Package with Banglalink MB Transfer system.Banglalink MB Transfer Internet Package List:The Internet Package can be Transfer via Banglalink MB Transfer System.|Package Volume||Price in BDT||validity (in days)||45 MB||10 TK||1 Day||60 MB||15 TK||3 Days||100 MB||20 TK||7 Days||160 MB||30 TK||7 Days||300 MB||99 TK||30 Days||1 GB||210 TK||30 Days||2 GB||350 TK||30 Days|Banglalink MB Transfer to Other Number:- The transferable internet MB is 25MB, which is valid for 1 day. You can now enjoy a special offer of free internet transfer, so transfer away internet data without any extra charge!- You can transfer MB per day from one number.- You can only transfer the Selected Internet packs.- You won’t Transfer the Bonus Internet Balance.- You can’t transfer Internet Data to your own number either.- You can’t transfer The volumes from social media pack (Facebook, Viber, Whatsapp and Other Social packs).Banglalink MB Transfer Request from Other Number:- You can request 25MB Internet, which will be valid for 1 day. a special offer is ongoing, so transfer away or request for internet data without any extra charge!- You can Request MB per day from one number.- You can only Request the Selected Internet packs.- You can’t Request the Internet volumes from social media pack (Facebook, Viber, Whatsapp and Other social packs).Do you have any question about Banglalink MB Transfer? We hope that you have successfully understood about the Desire System of BL MB Gift with the all other Relevant Systems. If you need any Help, Please feel free to ask here. We will Reply You back soon. Thank you for being with us. 5730xm Owner, 05 Jul 2010What you did:- You see the procedure you did is called [on the air update] that not all phone... morethanks a lot brother...i have updated firmware of my mobile..the key pad is working fine..once again thankssfahad, 05 Jul 2010thanks bro for ur response.. but i have checked for the updates but there is no update availab... moreWhat you did:-You see the procedure you did is called [on the air update] that not all phones have, and the 5730zm is supposed to have this feature, but sadly as you mentioned all you are going to get is [no updates available] which is not true.The best way to make the update:-1) Install "Nokia PC Suite" on your PC.2) Install "Nokia Software Updater" on your PC.3) Back up phone memory on the 8GB SD Card.4) Remove the 8GB SD Card from the phone.5) Make sure that the phone is fully charged.6) Connect the phone to computer via USB Cable.7) Start "Nokia Software Updater".8) Follow the steps.5730xm Owner, 05 Jul 2010QWERTY-Pad Problem:-My friend you don't have to get used it, as it is already mentioned in h... morethanks bro for ur response.. but i have checked for the updates but there is no update available... i have checked by *#0000# then clicking the options and then check for updates..the it says no updates available.....if there is other way to update pls lemme know i will appreciate it..5730xm Owner, 05 Jul 2010Who I am:- I am both 'Deathunter' and '5730xm Owner', you can check the country code for both... moreThanks a lot...i will be trying these applications now...will keep me busy for the days to come...anyways, i alwys check this forum before i go to sleep....thanks againAks, 05 Jul 2010it would be great if you guys could post a list of your favorite apps for this phone...apart f... moreWho I am:-I am both 'Deathunter' and '5730xm Owner', you can check the country code for both IDs and you will see that it is the same, and I still come here on regular bases, but those who I response to, don't bother to response back to me, so what is the point of wasting my time if those who ask the questions don't come back to see the answers (o_O)?!You are right Fring is not that good for this, any way, there is a better one that was called GIZMO, and now it is called 'Vyke' and it provide what you want (Calling through WiFi), so just google 'Vyke' to get more details.Important Applications for 5730xm:-01) NetQin Mobile Antivirus (Effective Antivirus)02) NetQin Assistant (Well give you something like the PC start menu in your phone)03) Speedy Go! (Supposed to accelerate your phone)04) FreeSigner (Can be used to sign applications 'you must have key and certificate')05) MobiGenie (Friendly unwanted calls blocker)06) CorePlayer or SmartMovie (Play avi format movies on your phone)07) FontRouter (Change your phone font style)08) MobyExplorer (Access your phone system files)09) BlueFTP (Send sis and jar files via bluetooth)10) ScreenSnap or Supershot (Take screen snapshots)11) TaskMan (Enhanced task manager)12) RingtoneMaker (Cut full-songs to make ringtones)13) PhoneInfo (Show all what you need to know about your phone)14) PicoDrive (Play SEGA games on your phone)15) Ovi Contacts (Nokia service that is similar to BB service)And there are much more usefull applications for the 5730xm, but those that I mentioned are the most imporatant.fahad, 03 Jul 2010i'm also facing the same problem..and whn i press 'a' it appears 'q'.. N whn press 'q' it appe... moreQWERTY-Pad Problem:-My friend you don't have to get used it, as it is already mentioned in here by several people who have the 5730 that a simple firmware update can fix this problem, so if you don't know how to do the update, let me know and I tell you the procedure.it would be great if you guys could post a list of your favorite apps for this phone...apart from opera mini and opera mobile...they are absolutely a must...but i am certain that there a lot more apps to exploit the potential of this phone...Also, i am particularly interested to know how to use the VOIP with this and some light on SIP...i have installed fring but havent been able to make VOIP calls thru wifi...i need to make calls to people in other countries....i am loving this phone and would be really grateful if someone could help me with these issues...P.S. i am witnessing a decline in the no. of posts by the early supporters of this device, namely 'deathunter' and '5730 xm user 'to name a few. It would be great if they could come out one last time and share their expertise.this is the best mobile i have used..this mobile has got every thing i want....the QWERTY keypad is really great i use my mobile for surfing n chatting very much this keypad helps me alot..and screen is also big enough to play games..it also has n-gage gaming button which is plus point...i hve also signed some applications like..opera mini, nimbuzz, advance device lock, smart movie any more...these applications make my mobile complete....and battery level is also good...after using atlest 3 hrs a day for surfing and chatting and listening to music last for 3 days ... I will give 9.5 out of 10...undoubtedly, the best phone ever created...(for non-touchscreen phone users)I've been using this mobile for 2months now.. and i'm still loving it... i mean the appearance of the phone never runs out of charm... it still looks like i've bought it yesterday.. no fades in the keypad nor the D-pad. The qwerty keys are comfortable to use (when you are used to it - maybe after a week or two). The web surfing is zippy.. image quality is quite decent compared to other phones.. Symbian OS is still, for me, the best and most mature OS for mobile phones.. tons of applications can be installed because of the bundled 8gig.. i also used the 8gb mem card to save bunch of full 3gp and wmv format movies... Ngage games' graphics is delightful to the eyes and you actually get to have a free activation code (to activate a Ngage game) included in the retail package.. in terms of music, well i'm really satisfied when im using my earphones.. (the music playback isn't that loud when you use the loudspeaker though)...Some minor/tolerable problems:- sometimes it restarts by itself especially when you use too many applications all at the same time (369mhz processor only)- it has poor battery life... (1 and a half day with normal use; less than a day with supreme heavy use)over all... im loving this phone... 9/10Shuvro, 15 Jun 2010I'm experiencing a problem with QWERTY keyboard. When i press and hold "s" it displa... morei'm also facing the same problem..and whn i press 'a' it appears 'q'.. N whn press 'q' it appears 'a'...but now im used to it.i want to buy this phone i dnt knw i buy or i dont i dont know what to buyMARIE, 22 Jun 2010Thanks. But does anybody know how many sms we can store in the phone memory ? Where could I fi... moreguys this phone is the best just hunt it downwarning the volume of song playback is not that louddepends on your memory card actuallyMARIE, 20 Jun 2010How many sms can we store in the 5730 ? Is the sms storage unlimited thanks to memory card ? T... moreSMS is unlimited. recently i have about 4000++ sms stored in my memory card. you can choose to stored inside the phone or memory cardfiles in the micro sd f ma 5730 gets corrupted :( is it a software deffect f this phone?i bought this phone. the camera quality is not very good. and i am not very comfortable with its keyboard.instead of that it is a good phone.Shuvro, 15 Jun 2010I'm experiencing a problem with QWERTY keyboard. When i press and hold "s" it displa... moreRegarding the NOKIA 5730 QWERTY keyboard problem, just update your firmware. Nokia already solved that problem through firmware update but still some other issue like poor camera quality, backlight problem, etc. are still occur. - AEY While Kanye West certainly takes his share of heat, it’s nice to see that the rap superstar truly loves his fans.During a recent concert in Austin, TX, West noticed that one audience member was having a hard time seeing, due to the fact that he was in a wheelchair.According to E! News, the rapper then instructed one of his security guards to approach Elliot Briones after the show and gift him with his microphone.“I was in the second row…There were a lot of people blocking me, and Kanye noticed,” Briones told E!, adding that he’s been a huge fan since West released “Gold Digger.”“I want to thank him. [The microphone is] up in my room,” he continued. “It means a lot to me. I don’t know how to explain, it’s just a humble experience.”See a video of Elliot right after he received the mic HERE.West recently celebrated his second Father’s Day with wife Kim Kardashian and daughter North West, who turned one that very same day.“Happy Father’s Day to the best daddy in the world! The way you love our daughter and protect her makes me filled with so much love,” Kardashian wrote on Instagram.What do you think about Kanye West’s kind gesture at the Texas concert? Sound off below! Why does our nation of nearly 100 Million so easily forget the past? Why is martial law no longer remembered? Why do we have a weak sense of history as a people?Perhaps because history as we know it is written by the elite and the 'educated' and as such reflects the point of view of the elite and the 'educated' and does not reflect the point of view of the common folk such as the farmers, the fisherfolk, the taxi drivers, the cocheros and welders all of whom comprise 90 percent of the population. History as it is written excludes and alienates the vast majority. It cannot be called their history.Until we extoll the virtues of Juan the farmer, Jose the fisherman, Pablo the taxi driver and Maria the cigarette vendor and show how they struggled and triumphed during these difficult upheavals in our nation's history, only then will history become relevant, meaningful and most importantly remembered by our nation and our people collectively.We must rewrite history so that we, as a people, gain a real sense of history. So, I've had the Konad nail kit for a while now and haven't played with it as much as I'd have liked to, So earlier on I got it all out and decided to play!Before now I have always used normal nail polishes with it, and I thought the result was pretty decent, but someone once told me I would think different when I used the 'Special Polish' .. And oh boy, I did! The Special Polish makes so much difference, the consistency is better and it is much more opaque.So, I just did a simple black nail and then used the white special polish and a small leopard print-ish pattern. (I don't remember which nail plate off the top of my head, but will let anyone who is interested know!) The result is really good, and I love how visible the white is on top of black polish.*Click to enlarge*I know they are not the neatest, but I didn't spend too long painting the black on, and I need to clean up the edges with a cotton bud yet. But all in all I think it looks nice, and pretty effective.What do you guys think? What are your fave nail plates?- Products Used-Barry M Base and Top Coat.Barry M Black Polish (Two Coats).Konad Special Polish - White. She would do anything to save her marriage, Anything!After the partyBy Samantha G.Lynn and I were on our way down to the ground floor to go for lunch at our favorite near-by spot. The elevator stopped at the fifth floor and a total corporate asshole got on. You know the kind; he wore only suits that were tailor-made and started at three grand. The kind that wouldn’t acknowledge your existence unless he heard the word,’ Sir” at the end of every sentence. His label was, The Assistant to the Assistant to the C0-Ceo, of Marketing. Yep, he was the ’brother-in-law’ to a big suit. Twenty-one, freshly married, and a recent graduate of some Ivy League business school.“Good Morning Mr. Hines.” We huddled at the back of the almost empty elevator. He got in and nodded, then quickly turned to face the closing doors only inches away from taking his nose off.“Sammie.” Lynn whispered for me to look down at her hand as she quickly started to jack-off her imaginary cock at the back of this suit, while she stuck out her tongue at the back of his heavily jelled head.“Mrs. Hines,” I leaned over and whispered in Lynn’s ear.” Is a lucky woman.” I raised my hand with a pinky finger extended, waving it back and forth. Hines couldn’t hear any of this, thanks to the loud radio speakers in there. He got off on the second floor and walked out.“Have a nice day, Mr. Hines.” The door closed as we saluted him with our middle fingers extended. He never bothered to turn around.“God dam.” I looked at Lynn. The elevator continued towards our ground floor. “He reminds me of my ex-husband, Rob.”Lynn would hear my story about my corporate married husband, Rob. He was married, but only to the place where he worked. The first year of our marriage was good, but not great. We struggled to make ends meet. I was just hired by an ad agency in Phoenix, and Rob continued to bust his balls for a promotion that would never come at the accounting firm.By the end of our eighth year of marriage, I realized it was ending and I desperately grasped at straws to keep it together. I would have done anything for Rob. I would have done anything to keep us together. I really loved him. Though he rarely thought of us. I even did a lingerie-modeling shoot for a local designer.God, I hated that day. I never wanted to be a model, as it made me so uncomfortable knowing I was on display in the public arena. All kinds of people could see me in skimpy underwear. But I did it, hoping it would surprise him and get a spark back into our intimacy. But it did just the opposite.I carefully laid copies of the photo-proofs on our dining room table, among lit scented candles. I slipped into my sexiest black see-through teddy, and nothing else. I lay on our bed, waiting for him to come home from work. Six hours later, he woke me up as he quietly got into bed and fell asleep. I silently got up and walked into our dark dining room. The candles were all blown out. And the pictures were in a neat stack, face down. I sat at the table and quietly cried for an hour.“Did he turn gay?” Lynn asked as we got our food delivered to the table.“No, but there was something different about him.” I began to explain.” I tried one more option.”“What’s that?” asked Lynn, as she got closer to keep my secret.“Swinging.” I whispered.“WHAT?” Her gasp was heard at nearby tables, but no one turned to look.“Yeah, he watched me get fucked by another man.” Her eyes grew wide with excitement.“Are you kidding me?”“No, he was with the pretty wife, and I got her husband.”“How was it?” Lynn was prying now. I held my hands wide apart, giving her an idea on the husbands’ size.“Jesus Christ, Sam.” She sat back in her chair shaking her head, “Whoa.”“How did something like that start?” So I began to explain.Some twelve years ago, when I was twenty-four, married and living in Phoenix, my ex-husband ‘Rob’ and I were at this nightclub in north Phoenix, on a rainy Saturday night. Rob was basically a good husband, very average which was good, it gave me stability. He looked good on that night, nice jeans, boots, and dressy denim shirt. I remember looking at him and sighing that night, wishing he would just loosen up a bit and live.We danced a couple of tunes to this great country western band. ‘Boot scoot and boogie’ stuff. We were in a line dance, and this couple kept giving us the eye. I guessed them to be in their early forties or so, and very attractive. The woman, ‘Jill’ was a knockout, around six feet tall, and slender with shoulder length blond hair, nice big boobs, real long legs and a near perfect ass. That part pissed me off, my husband could hardly take his eyes off her as she danced in front of us. Then he started to smile at her, and flirt in his own little way. Her husband, ‘Tyler’ was a good six foot four, and built like an athlete. Just a very average looking guy. Tyler was used to his wife being the center of attention whenever they went out. She reminded me of a professional dancer, the way her body moved and slowly twisted, so fluidly. God, she even made me, drool. I kept at my husband to invite them to our table in the back booth.My husband finally got the nerve to ask them to join us for some drinks and conversation. As we sat, Jill sits next to my Rob, and Tyler sits next to me. I found that to be a little forward, but what the heck, we were new friends now. Jill and Rob were having a good time chatting and laughing, not to mention getting drunk and loud. Tyler was real quiet, but nice. As I’m talking to Tyler about nothing important, Jill leans over to my Rob, and whispers something. Rob sat up and I happened to glance down and see Jill’s hand rubbing my husband’s crotch. Just as I was about to deck the bitch, Tyler grabs my arm and pulls me out of the booth, and rushes me out on the dance floor, for a slow dance. I told Tyler what I saw. He didn’t even care; he said she does that a lot. Jill lives her life, and he lives his.“Let me go back and deck the bitch!” I didn’t give a shit if he lived his life, and she lived hers. Those cock and balls belonged to me! Tyler eventually talked me into a slight rage, but I was still steaming. So, I began to flirt myself.I thought about my ‘Mr. Average’ back in the booth, and decided to give him a show he might enjoy. So I ground my hips against Tyler as we danced close. His hands got lower near my butt. I got a little hot, so I felt his tight firm ass and grind a little harder against his groin. My pussy is getting warm and moist. Some members in the band are noticing this and smiling away. The keyboard player even winked at me.As I was ‘grind’ dancing with Tyler, I just happen to notice he had something getting quite sizable and it was pressing against me. So every once in a while, I’d grind my hot hips into him to gauge a reaction. He looked at me with a wicked smile in his eye, and say, ‘careful hun,’ and I knew whatever he had in his jeans was a lot more than Rob had.As we danced, I imagined this good-looking hunk, Tyler, with my legs over his muscular arms as he pumped my pussy with a nice cock, and my husband watching. I pictured Rob getting excited at the sight. The sexual dance ritual came to an end. I was getting brave and I ‘accidentally’ felt his crotch. My hand found this guy was all sex. I was weak in the knees at my discovery. Jill met me in the middle of the dance floor, whispered in my ear, ‘Yeah, he’s hung like a horse, sweetheart.’Now my imagination was reeling. I didn’t doubt her words. I knew the way this was headed, I’d find out for myself later that night. Tyler led me to the bar for a shot, and a cool down kind of chat.He, towered next to me with his back to the bar tender, leaning back against the bar with his boots crossed in front, and elbows resting on the bar top. The large bulge in his wranglers was very obvious, and four girls at a nearby table couldn’t take their eyes off of it. One girl was licking her lips as they commented on what they were each looking at.“Nice butt.” A passing cowboy patted my ass.“You’re gorgeous Sam.” Tyler smiled at me.” You could have any guy in this place.”I glanced back to the booth and Jill and Rob were gone! I got a sinking feeling in my stomach. Just then, Tyler says not to worry, they probably went to the restroom, after all it’s almost time for last call. We finished our shots and went back to the booth, and we waited, and waited.I didn’t know it at the time, but Jill and Tyler were playing us.Jill and Rob finally came back into the club. That’s when I noticed her blouse had some wet spots just over her boobs near the neckline. And Rob, was flushed in the face, sweating and his shirt wasn’t tucked in! I got the hint. She had sucked him off! What surprised me the most that night, was what I said next.“Let’s have an after party!” I stared at the Rob’s cum stains on her blouse. “How could she get him to cum so fast?” I studied her for a second, realizing she really had a natural beauty.I turned to Tyler and said we should to their place. They quickly agreed. We got up and left. I was now turned on by the possibility of seeing my hubby getting laid by another woman; maybe it would spark our slowly fading marriage. But I didn’t consider what would happen to me. Rob and I followed them to their place outside of Tempe. It was a long quiet drive. I was squirming all the way there, and getting wet with excitement and worry. I became quiet as I thought about the penis that would be mine. I became sick with worry and doubt,” Had our marriage come to this?” I stared out into the dark night sky of Tempe. Our mutual silence was deafening.“Rob? What are we doing?” I turned to him. The words wouldn’t come out. How’s he going to feel? Does he want to see me with another guy?“How was that blow job there, Rob?” I quietly became anxious to pay him back.”Oh, and Rob, Tyler is hung like a horse, do you mind if he fucks the shit out of me?” I wickedly giggled to myself. “Anything for Rob.” I sighed and looked at the blackness of the city’s outskirts. I could feel this was the journey to our end.Tyler and Jill’s place was a nice one story, log home with a bedroom loft looking over the spacious living room. As soon as we walk into the place, Jill’s got her hands in my guys’ pants. So I turn to Tyler and wrap my arms around his neck and pull him down on their leather sofa, and slide my hot tongue into his mouth. His strong hands are gently kneading my breasts. Out of the corner of my eye, I see Rob has his pants around his ankles and Jill has her face in his groin, moaning and slurping away. Rob is looking my way to see what I’m doing.Rob and Jill were putting on a good show, I didn’t notice that Tyler had stood up and was lowering his jeans. I saw Rob’s eyes grow wide, and then I turned and saw Tyler standing there naked with his penis hanging between his thighs. My husband has a seven incher, hard, but this Tyler, ‘Oh my God’ had at least eight thick inches of meat hanging between his muscular legs. And it was still soft.“Jesus Christ!” My shocked gaze went straight to Jill.“Nice uh?” A wicked smile crossed her beautiful face.” It get’s really hard to handle.”“Oh my God.” I reached for Tyler’s large phallus. Honestly, I’ve never seen a limp cock that big, ever. I held it, amazed by how heavy it was, and the thickness was scary. I let go of it and watched as it swung down in-between his muscular thighs again.” Jesus, that’s big.”Tyler stood close as I sat on the sofa. I kicked off my boots, and took off my blouse and bra. Tyler was stroking and milking his penis, getting it ready for the festivities. I slowly slid my jeans and panties off, never taking my eyes off that cock. It began to grow a little longer, but got a lot thicker. There were large veins running up and down the lengthy shaft. Across the room, Jill had mounted my husband’s offering. Rob was on his back in front of their dark fireplace. Jill moaned loudly and started to slowly rock back and forth on him. I could see Rob’s balls moving up and down. “His cock was really in her.”I agonized in the finality of our relationship. I was about to be swept away in a cold lust.Tyler stood in front of me, naked and hungry for my body. I sat on the couch, as I felt the cushion under me was damp with warm moisture from my nervously excited cunt. I leaned forward, and slowly cupped his large balls with one hand, and lightly stroked his wide shaft with the other hand. Tyler’s cock was heavy and warm. I didn’t even notice that Jill and Rob slowed their action to watch us.I’m five foot six, and a slender 125 pounds, and I just couldn’t imagine this guy’s cock going in easily. I was getting nervous, but extremely turned on at what my husband was about to witness. I held his bulky phallus in my hands, slowly stroking and squeezing the shaft while flicking my tongue around the soft head. I traced the full length of his shaft with my tongue getting it wet with saliva. Slowly, I sucked on just the tip of that thing; I could barely get the head and a few inches in my mouth. Twisting and turning my hands on his long saliva wet shaft, while pulling and pushing my hot mouth over the head of his cock.Tyler pulled me down to the carpet as I worked his cock. I straddled his face as he lay on the floor so he could give me some. That man could lick a pussy, Oh my God, he was good! He ran his tongue around my sweet button, and up and down my warm pussy lips, ever so slow. I swear I was dripping. We pleasured each other for quit a while. Then Tyler rolls me onto my back, and kneels between my legs as I spread them wide and looked down at his large swaying cock.“Oh my God!” I gasped out loud. What a sight. Tyler held it and slowly rubbed the head on my clit. I was going wild, panting and moaning. I was bracing for the fuck of a lifetime. He finally puts it at my drenched pussy, and slowly shoves the head in.“Jesus Christ!” It knocked the breath out of me. My eyes began to roll back in their sockets. My hips were trembling.I’ve never had such a full sensation in my pussy before. He bends down to kiss me, with a surprising compassion and raw lust. He doesn’t move and lets me get used to the size of his cock. ”Thank you for that Tyler.” After a few minutes of kissing and moaning, Tyler slowly pumps my drenched pussy with just the large head. I can feel my juices running down my butt cheek, I can hear a wet sucking sound from my stretching pussy, and I can feel the start of one heck of an orgasm building. I’m panting feverishly, squealing on each stroke of that thing, and violently humping back at his cock. Suddenly a good four inches thrust in.“OH MY GOD!” That’s all it took. I shot up and hung onto his neck.I was coming loud, filling their living room with my agonizing whales and cries. I dug my nails into his shoulders and wrapped my legs around his waist. Wave after wave of heat washes me into ecstasy. I’m near delirious; my pussy is stretched so wide and full of hot throbbing cock. I was in a pure sexual haze, and slowly laid back onto the carpet, when I glance over at Rob. He was watching this well-hung guy, slowly pumped his pretty wife’s pussy. “I love you.” But now the unspoken words were just ancient history.As Tyler slowly fed my sopping pussy, Jill slowly starts to crawl to us like a beautiful golden panther approaching her wounded prey, to seductively feast upon. My hand reached out for her and she kneels besides me, and starts to lick and lightly bite my nipples. Her fingers go down to my stuffed pussy, ‘ He’s big uh?’ she whispers.Then she straddles my face and presents her wet pussy. She’s facing her husband while holding my legs high and wide, and then they start kissing. All the while Tyler keeps his slow pumping cock in a steady rhythm. I start to lick Jill’s sopping pussy and I can taste Rob’s cum, but I didn’t care, all my attention was focused on this cock in my starving pussy.Tyler’s sexual prowess was awesome. He gave me what I could take and had me coming almost constantly. I held Jill’s beautiful ass and tongued her pussy till she was in the throws of her first orgasm of the night. My head was spinning. Tyler’s breathing and moaning told me he was really getting close to coming as I felt more of his cock force it’s way in. He stopped pumping me when it hit the bottom of my pussy and he held it there.I was in a gut wrenching, scorching hot orgasm. I felt Tyler slowly pull his cock out of me. The slight rush of cold air in my gaping pussy surprised me. My warm juice was running out, following the curve of my ass cheeks and spilling into the carpet beneath me.Jill spun around, still on all fours with her soaked pussy just above my face. Tyler puts my legs down and gets behind her. I was still coming as I looked up and watched him rub his cock up and down her dripping slit, and then he gave her the whole thing in one big long stroke.“Oh Honey!” She cried, and then Jill let out a guttural animal moan. I raised my head and gently sucked on his large ball sac. Tyler was coming. His big cock was buried in Jill, splashing, pumping a big long load of hot cum into her. Jill came shaking and hard, humping and milking her husbands’ cock until she was satisfied. Her cries and moans slowly withering. She reached down and caressed my face, and rolled off me.Tyler’s spent cock ‘slurped’ out of her pussy and flopped onto my breast, still oozing a small stream of cum. I grabbed him and pulled his half hard cock to my mouth, tasting him and pumping his pussy drenched cock with both hands.I milked every last drop of cum from him. Tyler looked down and smiled at me, ‘Thank you,’ he said in a low quiet voice. And he bent down holding my face, and kissed me with a passion that Rob used to feel for me.So, as I said in the beginning, Jill and Tyler were ‘playing’ my husband and me, as they told us it was Tyler’s birthday, and it was his fantasy to screw another woman in front of his wife. We shared the rest of the morning with this couple, having breakfast and then swimming naked in their pool. As a going away present, Jill and Rob, let Tyler give my pussy another workout, poolside on a lawn chair, and she took pictures of the whole thing. My pussy was sore for a week. Sadly, we never got a chance to get together again, as Tyler’s company had transferred him to a San Francisco office.As for Rob and I, we went back to an average life together and once in a while, we took out the pictures of Tyler stuffing my pussy, and ended up having great sex. I was hoping it was my husbands’ fantasy too. But it would soon wear on the final days of our marriage, as he no longer looked at that night as a turn-on, but just a night he got to fuck another woman that wasn’t his wife. About Paramjute :-Paramjute is a Leading Indian Jute Shopping Bags, Jute Promotional Bags, Cotton Shopping Bags & Canvas Shopping Bags manufacturing and exporting company in Kolkata the hub of JUTE. Param Jute Products is an ethical Eco Bags manufacturer, exporter & wholesaler from Kolkata, India. Since we are manufacturer so we are able to provide you fully customised bags within a short span of time. Our main market includes USA, Germany, United Kingdom, Canada, Spain, France, Netherlands, Ireland, Australia, New Zealand, Denmark, Singapore, Russia, South Africa, Italy & Japan. We have many satisfied clients in United Kingdom & United States who buy hessian shopping bags & cotton shopping bags regularly. It is our great achievement that we are making satisfaction to our UK, Europe and US clients with our best quality Eco friendly bags as well as services.We maintain ethical business policies so you can always expect best quality products & reliable services from us!Tell about jute beach bags:-Param Jute Products is a manufacturer & exporter of various designs of Jute Beach Bags. Our Beach Bags are famous for its Eco-friendliness & trendy looks. Mostly this bags are used as a gift bag. Jute Beach Bag is a special fashionable item among all jute products so we make our jute beach bags with premium grade jute fabrics(above 280 GSM). You can customise our Beach Bags with your own idea. We make fashionable Beach Bags with Eco friendly hessian cloth without PP lamination. Our floral printed Beach Bagsare very popular through the globe for its fashionable look.Also you have to see our other varieties Ecofriendly Products.Please Click on below mentioned link or Copy> paste then search that linkMobile : +91-9804063500 / 9475532088/ +91-9832896844Landline: +91-33 25242336Email: firstname.lastname@example.org » Four areas define our approach to making successful outcomes for our customers: collaborative innovation, continuous quality excellence, sound science support and worldwide servicing.Our journey to develop the bionutrient products of the future will be done in close collaboration with other parties. Throughout the company’s history we have successfully partnered with like-minded organisations to unlock new opportunities. This ability to collaborate and create sustainable commercial partnerships has been integral to the success of both ourselves and our customers.Continuous Quality ExcellenceWe have an excellent track record in such critical food safety categories as infant nutrition and we strive to achieve continuous quality excellence that meets customers’ expectations and enhances brand reputations. The focus on quality goes beyond systems and standards, we have embedded quality and food safety at the heart of our company culture.Our quality assurance policies apply to both our own production facilities and all our suppliers, meeting international protocols regarding food safety diagnosis and control. They cover all the purchasing, production and distribution processes.Wherever our customers reside, we can service them. From our base in Australia, the Bega Cheese group services customers in more than 40 countries and exports more than 60 million units of food products. We have the logistics experience to transport and track product safely across the world, whether the product is ambient, chilled or frozen. This gives us significant expertise in meeting food import documentation requirements in major regions of the world, especially Asia, Middle East, Europe and North America. So no matter where our customers may be based, we have an efficient supply chain solution.Sound supporting scienceSustainable product success relies on having solid evidence to back up product claims, for regulatory oversight, health industry and consumer credibility. Our bionutrent products are made from ingredients backed by scientific research. This supports customers’ regulatory approval processes and speeds up development and marketing timelines.Through our applications development, we have technological insight into how our ingredients perform in a variety of final product applications and formats. We also co-sponsor research with customers to open up new opportunities, allowing greater product differentiation and greater returns on new product development. Karamba Casino Online & Mobile – 100 free spins and 100% match bonusKaramba Casino is one of the top most online casinos for slot lovers. Established in 2005, Karamba has been around a long time in the online game industry offering top-notch video slots, instant games, scratch card and casino games. Huge iGaming companies like Microgaming, NetEntertainment, NeoGames, NextGen Gaming, Amaya, Quickspin, WMS and Bally supply the finest games to casino. Karamba is not only an online entertainment, but also party of hottest games and biggest offers.Get the party started with a warm welcome package of 100% match up bonus up to €200 and 100 free spins. Karamba is the home of slot lovers; no wonder new players get free spins for first three days. Once you register your account and deposit €20 or more, free games are credited in your account as 20 free spins and extra 100% bonus up to 200 EURO for the first day. Collect the bonus using the code KAR100. Upon deposit, players can enjoy additional 40 extra spins on second and third day as well. They also offer reward systems, extra free gifts, casino tournaments, monthly cash back offers and free spins fest.Karamba Loyalty Program is also designed with tiered levels from new member to Prestige VIP level. They reward each member regardless of their loyalty/reward points. Of course the higher tier members enjoy greater benefits and promotions. Prestige VIP players are entitled to express cash out process, birthday bonus, free play, exclusive live tournaments, higher deposits and cash out limits and personalized other offers. They also get personal accounts manager and monthly cash back benefit.Members can enjoy the most popular video slots titles including Fruity Friends, Magic Portals, Starburst and Gonzo’s Quest with high quality graphics and vibrant sound effects. You also get to choose from casino games such as Roulette Lounge and Blackjack. Their elegant and sleek touch in mobile versions makes it more popular among mobile devices and tablets. It is user oriented and easy to navigate with a handy swipe feature. You can browse through m.karamba.com to find your favorite games. The games at casino are regularly monitored for fairness and uses RNG system.You can fund your account using the most suitable payment options provided by Karamba to make a fast and secure transaction. They include credit card and debit card payments, Bank Wire Transfer, Paysafe Card, POLi, iDeal, Euteller and Trustly. The credit and debit card transactions are operated by Aspire Global International Ltd, which operates the games at casino. The website is secured with a GoDaddy.com Web Server using the latest 128-bit Secure Socket Layer (SSL) encryption. Your personal identifiable information and financial transactions are confidential and protected with the server.The casino brand is owned by ASG Technologies Ltd and holds license at Malta Gaming Authority and UK Gambling Commission. Their site is available in English, Finnish, Swedish, French, Norwegian, Dutch and Spanish. They have a very supportive customer service team to assist you in any problems. Their service is rated high level and is available from 8 AM to 1 AM CET 7 days a week. You can reach to them either by live chat or email via contact form. Their customer service so far has a flawless reputation.Our rating for Karamba Casino – 9 points / 10. South Asian variety shop – The business carries a full line of South Asian novelties and grocery products including spices, rice, lentils and organic teas. The shop also carries a variety of fragrant oils, incense, bath and body products and hookah accessories as well as clothing, household products and gifts.Liberty Market is a new clothing and accessory store in Liberty, NY. Liberty Market brings the “big apple” feel to Liberty by offering trendy fashions at affordable prices. Liberty Market offers current trends in fashion and accessories, American Pride apparel by Nine Line for men and women, formal dresses by David Tutera with Gather & Gown and other unique gifts.Liberty Market’s trendy fashions are comprised of jeans, t-shirts, rompers, maxi-dresses, leggings, jewelry, handbags, scarves, shoes, flip-flops and winter hats. Also available to the public are handmade scented candles and soaps, American Flag flasks and cork screws, pictures and artwork by local artists and locally made lip balms.Liberty Market is continually adding more and more great items so be sure to check back.Visit Liberty Market Tuesday-Saturday 11:30 – 7:30 at their 71 North Main Street location and at www.shoplibertymarket.com. You can also find us on Facebook.14 Darbee LnLiberty, New YorkAdjoining the entertainment space at the Downtown Barn is the Liberty Mercantile Co. – a period oriented Country Shop. Here, you will findmerchandise that complements the vision and mood of this historic barn. The shop will carry custom made furniture and lighting from local craftsmen, gift items and some antiques. Before, during and after a performance you can browse and shop at this unique store.Visit us on Facebook!210 N Main StConvenience Store – Cappuccino – Coffee – Cold Beverages – Milk – Frozen BeveragesDiesel – Kerosene – Motor OilMajor Credit Cards – Pay at the Pump – Speedpass at Pump – Speedpass at RegisterUBER MasterCard – Air Tower – ATM – Self Service – Speedpass+ appQUALITY HARDWARE PRODUCTS, EXCEPTIONAL SERVICEGet the quality service and expert advice you’ve been looking for with one call to Liberty Trading Post today. Call or stop by and browse our large selection of products and ask about our services.With over 55 years’ experience, we know more about what you need and how to do it right the first time than any store out there!We save you time, every time, with our extremely knowledgeable and helpful staff!! Bring us your toughest fixes and questions-we’ll be happy to help! Aaron 3 Drawer Chest Purchasing ManualA bedroom is a personal room intended to help you relax and get some close-eye. Additionally, it serves as storage space for personal items like clothes, keepsakes, and books. You may be starting fresh or ready for any furnishings revise, it may be difficult to determine what you actually need. No matter if you prefer vintage Middle-Hundred years Contemporary style or even the calm really feel of a Coastal house, every bed room must start using the basics. The options are limitless with bedroom furniture, so begin slowly, and then make it your own.Aside from the bed mattress, the bedframe is the best piece of furniture inside your bedroom. Very first, decide on what bed dimension you would like, and then calculate your living space to ensure it'll support the size. Even though you think you can match a Master mattress in your room, you have to remember to leave room for other bedroom furniture. For those who have a little room, a twin- or complete-size mattress will give you room to move and does not make your bedroom appear too small. You'll want to think about your personal decor taste and sleeping design. For example, if you're high or like to stretch out when you rest, a system mattress with no footboard fits your preferences whilst supplying a modern appear.Think About Your Space Aaron 3 Drawer ChestWhen choosing a desk, its important to consider how big your house region or breakfast nook. You will wish to depart plenty of space on every aspect of the table, ideally in the plethora of one yard.A tables shape is also essential. Do you have a large, open up house ? A small, spherical table in the centre can properly break up the area. If you need to individual a full time income area from the home , rectangular tables make the perfect choice.Care for your Aaron 3 Drawer Chest ItemsWhile you might occasionally find home furniture items that require unique, you will find most home furniture necessitates the exact same kind of car. Dont use anymore detergent than what's required. Too much soap could make household furniture products feel tickly. You may think about using the total amount you would usually use for washing. Stay away from chlorine bleach as it will not only weaken certain materials but will also cause diminishing.Stay away from fabric softeners advert they not just also weaken the fabric, removing lots of its durability but may also cause them to not soak up dampness as they should. Eliminate household furniture in the dryer when they're dry to avoid facial lines. If your big home furniture products do not comfortably squeeze into your washer and dryer, bring them someplace where you can use commercial dimension washing machines and hairdryers. In the words of one Democrat after John Kerry's long-awaited speech to his party's convention: "He was good, but he's no Clinton." When it comes to public speaking, what does it take to hold a crowd?He may be an experienced and highly adept politician, but even John Kerry's supporters acknowledge their man has a notable weakness: his public persona.With his speech to the Democratic Party's convention on Thursday Mr Kerry turned in a better performance than many had expected.But unlike Bill Clinton, or even his running mate, John Edwards, Mr Kerry is judged not to be a natural public speaker.Of course it's not only politicians who wrestle with this tag. A new guide in the UK exposes some of the heart-stopping clangers that have cropped up in wedding speeches. In one case a groom got his bride's name wrong while another made a business-like presentation complete with overhead projector.But all is not lost. Here, Max Atkinson, who once trained a public speaking novice to address a political party conference - and saw his pupil receive a standing ovation - delivers the key messages.LISTS OF THREEBad speeches can be disastrous for weddingsGood speeches are memorable ones, and to that end the more rhetoric, the better. A key device in lodging phrases in the minds of an audience is the "list of three", which dates back to Classical times - "veni, vidi, vici (I came, I saw, I conquered)". Then there was "the father, the son and the holy spirit". Later came "liberté, égalité, fraternité" followed by Abraham Lincoln's "government of the people, by the people, for the people".More latterly, there was former Labour leader Hugh Gaitskell's "fight, fight and fight again [for the party]" and Tony Blair's "education, education, education".Setting out a puzzle, pausing and solving it for your audience is another time-honoured technique says Mr Atkinson. For example, Ronald Reagan declared his candidacy for the American presidential election in 1980 by offering up these words: "This is a moment of quite some mixed emotions for me... I haven't been on prime-time TV for quite a while." Another memorable example is Margaret Thatcher's "You turn if you want to... the lady's not for turning."COMBINING THE TWOThe average applause during a speech lasts about eight seconds, says Mr Atkinson. For a more rapturous reception combine these two techniques. Benjamin Disraeli carried it off well with "There are three kinds of lies... lies, damned lies and statistics, while the full Tony Blair quote actually went "ask me my three priorities... education, education, education."A "master" of imagery in speeches, says Max AtkinsonImagery requires the use of skilful similes. Think Denis Healey's observation that being attacked by [Tory chancellor] Geoffrey Howe was "like being savaged by a dead sheep". Or Muhammad Ali's "float like a butterfly, sting like a bee." Martin Luther King was the master of imagery, says Mr Atkinson, noting how his "I Have a Dream" speech started with an extended banking simile. "We have come to our nation's capital to cash a cheque" before going on to talk of the "tranquilising drug of gradualism".Amplification and the prevalence of wireless microphones enable speakers to get away from the lectern and walk as they talk. Mr Atkinson approves, so long as the speaker's movements aren't monotonous. "Moving around helps to drain the adrenalin; stops the build up of physical tension."The words alone are not enough. The best public speakers practise their delivery. "When I first started working with Paddy Ashdown he never practised his speeches," recalls Mr Atkinson of the former Lib Dem leader. "It never occurred to him. But I advised him and after that he would practise hard to the extent he would read his speech out to an empty conference hall the night before."Lend Me Your Ears by Max Atkinson will be published in September by Random House. Directed by Peter Bonerz. It is excessive time to enlist the help of professional house remodeling contractor or consultants of. Generally the lavatory, kitchen and bathroom are particularly challenging parts of the home both transform or enhance. I will get began on the kitchen as soon as we tie up the unfastened ends on our other projects.Saves money and time: It is at all times better to get one thing repaired on time, earlier than it will get too late. Selecting one room or challenge at a time is smart financially as nicely. Pay time getting a really feel for what you really wish, so you could be ready when the time involves start the venture.It will save owners useful time together with cash. Usually occasions artists will put a pamphlet or a observe card with their paintings, telling the story of its creation, and any events that impressed it. Sometimes one can find shifting stories that make it easier to understand the portray better.If you’re keen to use your own home as collateral nevertheless you will discover that you would be able to borrow more money, have an extended time to repay it and the rate of interest will likely be decrease. Due to modern-day design, you are in a position to changeÂ your wallpaper choice as usuallyÂ as your hair coloration.Many instances folks change adorning kinds without realizing it. Fixing mistakes is at all times extra pricey than doing issues appropriately the first time. Your companion might want a golden rest room, but when you have not taken some time to go about it, it may result in issues in a while. Since the beginning of 2017, the droves moving to the California coast for tech, Hollywood, or simply the sun-soaked, absolute freedom of the wild west are met with an especially foreign custom: being offered cannabis seemingly everywhere they go. Now that it’s recreationally legal from the hills of LA to the foggy shores of San Francisco, cannabis is as ubiquitous as wine, offered on a platter, presented in a box, and cooked into nine-course molecular gastronomic meals. It has also become an integral element of casual entertaining.“The whole point is that you’re not overdoing it, it’s not about getting crazy,” says Eviana Hartman, a representative for the smoking accessory e-shop, Tetra, and Grass Studio, a soon-to-launch cannabis creative consultancy firm. “It sets the mood in a very happy, relaxed manner, as opposed to alcohol which can really change people’s personalities,” adds Anne Crawford, LA-based ambassador for fashion brands Roger Vivier and Rick Owens and consummate host of garden lunches and long, luxurious dinners for her artistic friends.If the attitude around inhaling, ingesting, or absorbing THC has changed, the rituals for presenting it have also evolved, and hosts have much to consider when bringing cannabis to the table with style. Here, Hartman, Crawford, and Michael Magallanes (Silicon Valley’s go-to private chef for medicated dinner parties) weigh in on how to entertain with cannabis and what accessories will help.Consider the Dosage“I’ve fed and gotten a lot of people high now,” says Magallanes, who, after leaving the helm of Michelin-starred Mourad, started serving cannabis dinners last year. “The first and most important thing to know is each person’s dosage.” How many milligrams you put on a person’s plate can be the difference between a legendary evening and one that is very much not okay. Magallanes warns that tolerances vary based on method of consumption (a person may be able to smoke much more than they can eat), so erring on the side of caution is always encouraged. And, he says, “If they’re a complete newbie, we recommend starting with five milligrams.” You can always add more for the optimal high.When serving cannabis-infused food, think about it the way you think about wine. “Ask your budtender at your dispensary,” says Magallanes. Just like the guidance of a sommelier, a budtender can navigate you through the turpine flavor profiles of Ghost Train Hayes, GirlScout Cookies, or Sunset Sherbert to best complement the dishes you plan on using them in. Magallanes prefers to cook with hash. “I’ll smell [the hash] and taste it and go from there. For the strains I’ve found to be citrusy, I can use that for a lighter dish, like melon. A lot of strains have a cheesy, barnyard-y thing going on, and I'll typically put those with meat.” From there, to activate the psychoactive effects, the hash must be cooked at a certain temperature for a certain amount of time. It then has to bind with a fat source for the body to absorb the THC. Magallanes typically infuses it into coconut oil, olive oil, brown butter, or clarified butter, then uses that oil in the dish.Get Strain ConsciousAs you probably already know, there are two major strains of weed: indica and sativa. “I always offer sativa,” says Crawford. “It’s a much more alert experience than indica, which can give you what they call ‘couch lock.’” The relaxing (and sometimes sedating) indica will breed a much less social environment than sativa’s uplifting and cerebral effects, which will further engage people’s thoughts about what they’re smelling, tasting, and seeing.Know When to Serve ItThe most basic rule of thumb is to keep weed away from mealtime unless it's cooked into the food. “I wouldn’t [serve] it while people are eating. Before or after. Not in the middle,” says Hartman.It can take up to an hour or so to feel an edible's effects, so offering them as an alternative to happy hour is a good way to time your guest's high to kick in when food hits the table. Starting the evening off with cannabis is also a good way to loosen people up when they’re first coming together. Even with close friends, it can get everyone in an especially tuned-in rhythm of preparing and eating a meal together.Crawford, on the other hand, appreciates an edible, like Marigold Sweets chocolate from former Alice Waters intern Vanessa Lavorato, as an end-of-meal option that will not only wind down the party but also misdirect those who might otherwise drink too much. For those wanting a more ritualistic experience, smoking and vaping are both nice to do at the end of a meal, the way people once enjoyed cigarettes. And, for when people don’t know each other very well, smoking and vaping are simple means of hyper controlling your dosage.Keep It ClassyGetting your guests high shouldn’t feel like unearthing a bong from a pile of sweatshirts in a dark corner of your closet. “There are options that allow you to make it a beautiful ritual that’s part of entertaining as opposed to something sketchy that you sneak off to do,” says Hartman. For smokers, she recommends investing in an ashtray like this prismatic crystal-cut Regenbogen version by Fundamental Berlin and a handsome pipe like these Coil pipes by Lindsay Haines. Both can be left out, says Hartman, “as a beautiful addition to the table.” Accommodating hosts can set up a little tray with a pipe, a lighter, and an ashtray, which guests can pass around. Keep things mess-free by rolling joints in advance—Canna Sierrra’s graphic white cartons are a nice pre-rolled option.Meanwhile the more discrete the vape pen, the better. Crawford says that Beboe makes the best looking minimalist pens in California, though the Oregon-based Quil has won fans for its ultra clean metal cylindrical design.As for edibles, for ultimate hosting ease, Crawford recommends opting for a presentation that “speaks for itself,” like the brightly colored boxes from Lord Jones that she favors. “There are different flavors, so it’s nice to have people open them up and look inside, and you can just stack them up on the table.” For flavor profile, Magallanes reaches for Atlas Edibles’s “tasty granola,” which uses roisin in place of other cheaper forms of cannabis concentrates for the purest taste. “Flavor and high are both superior,” he says. Here’s to a high-end high. Going up in the morning a comfortable train ride from Oakland / Emeryville to Merced takes about 3 hours and then YARTS motor coach to Yosemite Valley takes about 2 hrs and 15 minutes.Here is some important informationThe distance between San Francisco and Yosemite is 215 miles (345 km). Driving time in a car is at least 4 hours, in a bus about 30 minutes more each way. Several tour companies operate sightseeing trips for the day that take at least 15 hours. Those using large 40 or 45 feet motor coaches seating up to 55 passengers have space for luggage. Others using mini busses or vans charge for the space taken up by your baggage if it cannot fit under the seat. A brand new version of my Christmas Dove print with hand painted details, is available from my Etsy shop. I have a limited number of these at the very special price of just £10 each – www.etsy.com/shop/chrisbourkeartI'm a full time linocut artist/ lino printmaker based in the UK. I make lino prints that are for sale from my Etsy store.Please follow me on Instagram, Facebook and Twitter for more regular updates, offers and occasional giveaways. When you visit one of our sites you may provide StickyDrama with two types of information: personal information you actively choose to disclose (“Active Information”) through making a purchase, registering, publishing a post, leaving a comment, uploading files, downloading files, accessing or downloading content from StickyDrama, or posting any sort of user submission; and usage information that is collected on an aggregate, anonymous basis as you browse this site (“Passive Information”).This site is NOT intended for persons under the age 18 and no such person should disclose information on this site.If you make a purchase, register, publish posts, comment, upload files, download files, or interact in any way with this site, StickyDrama collects all information you choose to submit, including your IP address.This site utilizes a standard technology called “cookies” to collect information about how this site is used. Passive Information gathered may include the date and time of visits, the site pages viewed, time spent at the site, and the sites visited just before and just after this site. Passive Information is collected on an aggregate basis without any association to your personal information so that you remain anonymous. If you do not wish to transmit “cookie” information about yourself, you may turn off the cookie function in your web browser.Passive Information is used to gather information about how users utilize the site and to enhance this site to make it easier, faster, and friendlier to use. Additionally, passive information helps StickyDrama gather information about how many people visit this site, when they visit and how they use this site. None of this information is connected to your personal information or email address.Your personal information is secured by using reasonable efforts to prevent unauthorized access or disclosure, or accidental loss or destruction of active and passive Information.StickyDrama does not sell, rent, or trade your personal information to or with third parties.StickyDrama may be required by law or government agency to disclose both Active and Passive Information that you have provided and will do so if required by law, warrant, subpoena or court order. Attractions / RecreationOrange County offers something for everyoneWhether you prefer to spend your leisure time exploring the great outdoors, visiting small hometowns, delving into local history or enjoying a little nightlife, you’ll find it all in Orange County.Orange County is home to some of the country’s most beautiful natural scenery, including the Hoosier National Forest and Patoka Lake, an 8,800 acre water playground. Bring your family to enjoy the largest covered water park in Indiana and winter snow skiing. Enjoy visiting Amish settlements and the Lost River, which is part of a karst system of caves. Orange County is home to restored historic hotels dating back to the 1880s providing a casino, luxury spas, and two 18 hole PGA rated golf courses, Pete Dye, a new modern golf course and Donald Ross, an old restored historic course.For additional information on county-specific resources please visit: Humans Make Houses into Homes; Naduhl Brings in the Harmony through EnergeticsYour home has its own life force – an energy grid – that is a combination of multiple energetic sources. Your energetic body (and your family’s) interacts with this grid every day.The sudden feelings of elation or positivity or the unexpected lethargy or depression come from here. A lot of your health issues and the state of your family relationships can be traced back to these energies.Naduhl has solutions that can help build harmonized living spaces; one personalized solution at a time.NADUHL FOR INDUSTRIES AND WORK SPACESBusiness Are Powered by People; Naduhl Helps Align the Energies that Power the PeopleWork space energetics have a massive impact on the industry or office that occupies the space. It makes all the difference in terms success, employee spirit, seamless functioning of different departments and verticals, and much more.Can you imagine what the energy map of your work place might be, and how it is influencing your organisation?Naduhl can help analyze and ease the energetic friction at your industry or corporate office,NADUHL FOR PRE-CONSTRUCTIONAn Energetic Map of a Site Is as Critical as a Blueprint; Naduhl Energetics Are TransformativeIntroducing Naduhl at the pre-construction stage is extremely proactive and effective building design. Buildings need to be designed with consideration to the various, powerful energetic influences surrounding them.Pre-construction consulting can help prevent the friction and issues caused by negative energetics, saving the money and effort of delayed remediation.A Naduhl consultant can read the land and provide advice on how to go about designing the building.NADUHL FOR REMEDIATIONNaduhl provides solutions and remedies to help resolve human space energy dissonanceLiving or work space remediation is a very real and effective option when you want to find sustainable energetic solutions for issues impacting yourself, your family, or your workforce.Disease, friction, recurring problems are symptoms of imbalance in the telluric, cosmic, and architectural energies surrounding your living and work spaces.Naduhl uses multiple tools and instruments, designed by Mayank Barjatya, based on ancient and contemporary sciences, to counter, leverage, or channel the energies around you as appropriate. Sunday, November 26, 2017Man in viral video hypnotized us, say two womenSinar Harian reported that one of the women, 59-year-old Zaidah Dollah confirmed that one of the men who appeared in the video clip the same man that hypnotised her in June 2015."I still remember the face and the shape of the body of the man donning the songkok in this video. But the other man is not the same man that had hypnotised me back in 2015," said Zaidah, who added that she was shown the video by her child.She said that in her incident, she was approached by two men who pretended to enquire about someone's house after she had finished shopping at the Kuala Besut market.She said the men offered her a gem after she told them she did not know the person who they were asking about, adding that the men placed the stone in an envelope and gave it to her even though she adamantly rejected the gift."I then returned to home and was still not aware what had happened. I then realised my jewelleries were missing about 11.30am when I opened the envelope," she said.Zaidah said that she then realized the envelope contained rocks, sand, small pieces of wood and tissues."After that I realised my two gold bracelets, and the two gold rings worth RM22,000 which I wore to the market were gone," she said.She added that she was not sure when her jewelleries were taken off because her ring sits very tightly on her finger while her gold bracelet was also not easy to remove.Aside from Zaidah, 70-year-old Bidoh Ismail and her 56-year-old daughter Rohani Ismail also said that the man wearing the songkok looked similar to the man who hypnotised and stole her jewellery in Pekan Baru, Kuala Besut last March"My mother went to the Pekan Tani Kuala Besut market, where she was approached by two men. One of them wore a songkok and was heavily built," she said.Rohani said that the men offered her mother a gem which was said to contain numerous powers."The men inserted the gem into a grey envelope and said that the envelope should only be opened when she was at home," said Rohani.Rohani added that after receiving the grey envelope, her mother went back to her food store at the Kuala Besut market and did not realize that her jewellery was gone.She said that her mother happily told her that she received a gem from two men."I started to suspect something amiss when my mother said that. Later on, my mother realised that her bracelet, necklace, and two gold rings were missing," she said.The two victims hoped that the police would be able to locate the men, now that their faces have been captured on video.Meanwhile, Besut OCPD Supt Mohd Zamri Mohd Rowi said he will investigate the men in the videoMohd Zamri also urged the public to report to the police should they see or have information of the men in the video. - Sinar HarianPosted by wikisabah at 7:10:00 PM I’m fresh from the Aki Renshu event at the Okinawan Karate School in Pittsfield, MA. It was definitely a great opportunity to train with Masters Higa and Takamiyagi, and thanks to Senseis Mark and Connie Flynn for hosting.While I don’t have any pictures to post yet, I do have a little philosophy. After Wednesday night’s workout, Mr. Takamiyagi discussed the importance of “making the art yours” and “expressing yourself through the movements of your kata.” (Sorry to paraphrase.) He also mentioned that “as long as you remember the Five Principles of Sanchin, you will be okay.”He quickly listed them, but I was sitting in the back of our large group and couldn’t hear what he said. I talked with him for a little while after the Thursday night session, and he provided more explanation. Again, paraphrasing:“The first is your mind. You must stay focused. Second are your eyes. Don’t close them while you are doing your kata. They should be penetrating. Third, you must pay attention to your breathing. Sometimes it should be hard, and sometimes it should be soft. Fourth is to have good concentration and coordination in your body. Last is the stance. You need to stay rooted.”I may not be giving his explanation the justice it deserves here. If anyone can add to it or clarify anything, I’d appreciate it.After training for awhile, I believe everyone learns these principles whether they know it or not. Many of the Okinawan karate styles practice a version of Sanchin kata, and they place similar emphasis on the Five Principles though their movements may differ. (Just Google “sanchin” and you’ll see what I mean.) I think that serves as a great example of the master’s message: your personal interpretation of the kata matters less than your application of the deeper meanings of the form.One of the great things about karate is its ability to help you live your life. The Five Principles are a great example of this. If I wrote down in how many ways my karate training has benefited me physically, mentally, and spiritually, I would need to upgrade the space requirements of this blog! Here are a few fringe benefits of the Five Principles I can think of that don’t get a lot of press:1. Mental focus helped me right my car when I spun into oncoming traffic during a snowstorm.2. Developing “tiger eyes”is great for engaging people in important conversations (job interviews, decision making).3. Learning to control my breath if I lose my temper calms me right down and keeps me from doing or saying things I know I’ll regret.4. Learning to “feel” my body and to more truly know it helps keep me from injury and overeating, it reminds me to rest when I need it, and it helps me tailor my training to address my weaknesses.5. This sounds silly, but I practice my Sanchin stance anytime I stand on a subway or bus. I haven’t wiped out while riding public transportation yet!His explanation got me thinking, if you couldn’t tell. No matter what style you practice, how do its core tenets positively influence your life? DOBBINS HEIGHTS — The proposed budget for the fiscal year 2018-19 has been slightly altered to be consistent with the most recent public safety contract between Dobbins Heights and the city of Hamlet.Mayor Antonio Blue said that this year’s public safety budget is actually $30,000 instead of $28,000, and $2,000 from the administration budget was moved over to public safety to cover the cost.“This won’t hurt anything in administration,” Blue said, because the money was only taken out of the advertisement budget.The administration budget is now $163,129.36 as opposed to $165,129.36. The total budget for the town was not affected by this change.The town council will vote on the budget at its next meeting on Thursday, June 14. Constructed from soft and lightweight 9.5oz denim with high stretch for added comfort, these jeans feature classic five-pocket styling and a light-wash finish for a well worn look and feel.Cut to sit lower on the hip, with more room through the thigh – our tapered-fit jean is tapered throughout and finished with a narrow leg opening, offering a classic slim shape with added comfort.‘See Y’all’ interior graphic patch with matching tote bag includedPS logo emboss top buttonTan leather PS logo patch91% Cotton, 7% Polyester, 2% Polyurethane VP, Marketing | Sotheby's International RealtyElaine Hung is a marketing leader with a passion for helping companies scale through multi-channel marketing, digital transformation and technology innovation. She is the national Vice President of Marketing for Sotheby’s International Realty Canada, where she leads the company’s marketing, communications and technology initiatives. Previously, she led multi-channel customer relationship marketing across a range of industries, including U.S. consumer Internet company REALTOR.com and SaaS company Top Producer Systems. Elaine also serves on the Board of One to One Literacy Society. I recently attended a perfume making vocational course this month. It was interesting, more of a hands on experience than anything else. The lecturer was well informed and knew a lot about soapmaking and perfumery. There was a bit of confusion with the formulas we were given though since grams and mL were used interchangeably during the discussions. For home makers its not such a big issue since we don’t need to meet regulatory standards.I made a batch of perfume yesterday. A truly lovely floral blend that lasted more than four hours on my skin. With Tangerine as a top note, it’s an uplifting and cheerful scent. The soft and water floral middle notes make it a light and sweet. I didn’t get a nose full of it at its base note phase, but the other notes make it very light. I took a photo with my smartphone, but it was pretty bad. so no photo for now.- Top Notes: Tangerine, Sap, Reseda Plant- Middle Notes: Wild Rose, Red Cyclamen, Peach Blossom, Blue Hyacinth, Iris, Nectar- Base Notes: Cedarwood, Sandalwood, MuskIt’s a version of Burberry weekend, I didn’t hand blend the fine fragrance but I’m happy with the essence of perfume I made with it. I sold one, gave some away as a gift, and kept about an ounce of it to reflect on in the future.I used the formula here.Be sure to use a glass bottle to prevent the scent from evaporating. Plastic is more porous and will allow air in and evaporate the fragrance. In a month this will result in an icky alcohol smelling spritz.I would also advise you to use verbac, or denatured (sometimes called deodorized) ethyl alcohol. This skips the one-week curing stage and your fragrance becomes ready to use.I gave my mom some, and she used wayyyyyyyy too much. For some reason, my allergies acted up when I went into the room she was using. The fine fragrance I used is definitely not phlatelet free. If you are sensitive too, I suggest you hand blend a fine fragrance blend using the note information above using Essential oils or E.O.s. UPGRADE / REFRESH STB - 1. Press the AV button on your remote. 2. Was this answer helpful? i am stuck with "first installation setup" on the screen for my airtel digital tv?Airtel dth problem error b 001Help to solve b001 error (problem solved) airtel digitel tv?Airtel b001 error this contentFrom yesterday my airtel digital tv screen is showing error code b001 Asked by: Brenton Ads by Google This site is best viewed while logged in. SonyIRL 204 views 1:48 Dish Tuning - Duration: 12:38. Sign in to add this video to a playlist. I have forgotten my PIN Call customer care to have your PIN reset I cannot close the electronic programme guide Press exit key on remote. http://haptik.co/support/airtel-digital-tv/6734/i-am-getting-error-code-b001no-signalThank you so much! Was this answer helpful? Sign in to make your opinion count.To upgrade your package please call customer care. Required fields are marked *Comment Name * Email * Website Notify me by email when the comment gets approved. How do I Rewind Live TV? Airtel Dth Error Code 2 You should cross check that you inserted the card the right way, and or try to use a soft cloth and cleanse the card, and insert it back.Your answer fixed my problem. Airtel Dth Error Code 4 Add to Want to watch this again later? There are no batteries or the batteries may have become flat.It shows Last Used apps., Didier Roche, 2011/05/31 [Bug 774842] Re: [spread][launcher] Inconsistent number of windows between spread and launcher for nautilus, Didier Roche, 2011/05/31 [Bug 778111] Re: [window management] MinimizingClose Yeah, keep it Undo Close This video is unavailable. Error Code Sm2 In Airtel Dth No Picture, No Sound but the front panel shows the display. It is spam / self promotion. how do i fix error code 103?What is the problem in my blackberry playbook camera don`t workwhen i try to take a picture i give a code " camera error error.4003It is easier than you think. Please unmerge any questions that are not the same as this one: Airtel digital tv no signal error code b001? Airtel Digital Tv Hd Error Code B001 We have to wait until the weather condition to become normal. Airtel Dth Error Code 6 im facing a problem on whatsapp for lenovo a850 mobile..Add to Want to watch this again later? news Other: This is NOT abusive. Solution: This could be due to bad connection or bad weather condition at your end or at broadcast center. Choose another service or program 2. Airtel Dth Error Code 14Close Yeah, keep it Undo Close This video is unavailable. Anonymous ").how to resolve this problem..." 8 2 Tweet Hi, I am getting Error Code: B001 (NO SIGNAL (Error: B001) ).How to resolve this problem? the error occurs "error verifying code group 33 checksums"?Windows 7 samsung focus will not update. http://imgate.net/error-code/airtel-tv-sm2-error.php No satellite signal is being received Your STB is not receiving a satellite signal Check the cables from your satellite dish are correctly plugged to your STB A yellow envelope blinksSunday, 15 June 2014 AIRTEL DIGITAL TV STB PROBLEMS AND SOLUTION problem possible cause action No picture, No Sound and no front panel display Set-Top box is not plugged into the Airtel Digital Tv Error Code B001 Solution The connections are right, but the TV is not connected up to external AV source [AV1, AV2 or DVD] 4. Press on the power button on the Remote control to bring the Set-Top box out of standby.Working... BPL COLOUR TV SERVICE CODE BPL TV I SHORT USING LA 76931 OR LA 76938 SERVICE CODE = PRESS FRONT PANEL -" VOL+" & REMOTE "MENU " MODEL= P... We always ensure that the Airtel installation team gives you a good overview of the entire system. Airtel Dth Signal Settings To add a top-up, simply SMS AddRelated ← Previous PostNext Post → Leave a Reply Cancel reply Your email address will not be published. Ask for FREE. Make sure you point your remote directly towards your STB and nothing is between the two. http://imgate.net/error-code/airtel-sm2-error.php Published on Apr 1, 2014Airtel dish tv connection encountered bad connection returned with error code B001 No signal.Please follow the following steps for the rectification: 1. Sign in to report inappropriate content. Loading... Check all cable connections. 4.© Copyright 2017 imgate.net. All rights reserved. Clare Victoria Balding OBE was born on 29 January 1971 to the internationally respected horse trainer Ian Balding and his wife Emma Hastings-Bass. Clare's maternal family comes from a well-documented aristocratic lineage, being descended from the Earls of Derby, and horse training is heavily represented in her genes from both sides of her family.Searching the records on TheGenealogist we can find Clare in the birth index for 1971 in the Westminster district. Her double entry has been caused by her mother's maiden name reflecting a change in family surname when she was a child. In 1954 Clare's maternal grandfather, Peter Hastings, inherited the estate of his uncle, Sir William Bass and altered his and his children's surname to Hastings-Bass as required by his uncle's will. Emma's elder brother, William Hastings-Bass, inherited the title of 17th Earl of Huntingdon as the great-grandson of the 14th Earl, the 16th Earl dying without issue.Clare's maternal grandmother, Priscilla Victoria Hastings, was the daughter of Sir Harold Malcolm Bullock and Lady Victoria Stanley, the daughter of the 17th Earl of Derby. Sir Malcolm, who prefered to use his middle name rather than his first, was a Member of Parliament for Waterloo in Lancashire 1923–1950 and then M.P. for Crosby 1950–1953. In the First World War, Sir Malcolm served as a Captain in the Scots Guards and we can find his entry in The Army List of 1914 and in the official Wounded lists in TheGenealogist's military collection.Records in the Peerage, Gentry & Royalty collections on TheGenealogist allow us to trace the aristocratic line of Clare's family back for centuries in resources such as the Burke's Peerage and Baronetage, as well as various entries in several of the Visitation of England and Wales books.In Clare's Who Do You Think You Are? episode, however, it is not her connection to the aristocracy that she is most interested in. On screen she reveals that there had always been a bit of mystery about her great-grandfather, Sir Malcolm Bullock. Clare, who is married to Alice Arnold, is seen in the TV programme to be curious about her maternal great-grandfather's sexuality. Family stories suggested there's "something of a whiff of scandal" about Malcolm's life after Lady Victoria's death with Clare's grandmother reputedly burning a lot of her father's letters after he died. Clare is intrigued by this."Why would somebody do that, unless there was something to hide?"To find out more, in the TV programme, Clare goes to visit her Uncle. From him she learns about Sir Malcolm's public life as an MP and that he had been awarded the Legion D'Honneur by France for his diplomatic work. Clare's great-grandfather was also a lover of art and culture and she is shown a wonderful collection of letters, that included correspondence with Evelyn Waugh, Nancy Mitford and Sir John Gielgud. There are rumours that Malcolm Bullock and the artist Rex Whistler had entered into a relationship - but her uncle is unable to shed any light on that for her.Rex Whistler came to the public's notice in 1927 when he painted a mural on the restaurant wall at the Tate Gallery in London and in the 1930s he moved in a social circle that included many wealthy friends and clients. Clare visits the Salisbury Museum, while filming for Who Do You Think You Are?, where she was able to research the Rex Whistler archive that is held there. In a meeting, with art historian Nikki Frater, a number of documents are revealed which confirm that Malcolm and Rex had a close friendship. Rex had recorded meetings that he had with Malcolm in 1931 which included dinners, visits to the opera, the theatre and a trip to Paris. There are further documents that the artist's brother (who was also Rex Whistler's biographer) had filed under the tag of "Love". These reveal that contemporaries of Rex Whistler were gossiping about Malcolm's relationship with him. It is, however, not much of a surprise to Clare that there are no letters in the collection that prove that her great-grandfather and Rex were lovers - this was, after all, at a time when homosexuality was illegal in Britain. It seems that, by 1932, the intense friendship between Sir Malcolm and Rex Whistler had waned. A huge painting, which sat above the fireplace in Sir Malcolm Bullock's home, is thought now to have been a final parting gift to Sir Malcolm from the artist."There's a hint of tension in everything because he's a very public figure, he's an MP, and he's clearly living a lifestyle that suggests he might be engaged in illegal acts. You can't say this enough, it was illegal for a man to be homosexual."Wanting to take the research into her great-grandfather's personal life further, Clare visits Port Lympne in Kent and the spectacular home of Malcolm Bullock's friend, the politician Sir Philip Sassoon. It is from Damian Collins MP – an expert on Sassoon – that Clare finds out that Sir Malcolm had been a regular guest at Sassoon's glamourous house parties. At these gatherings it was understood that guests were safe to "be themselves" secure in the knowledge that nothing would be reported outside of their social circle. Here, Sir Malcolm Bullock was part of a set of politicians who are now known to have been gay or bisexual. Clare comes to a conclusion from this information."In my mind there's no doubt that he was gay or bisexual. I mean, he had been married, but he would certainly rather have been with men."That being the case, Clare now wonders about Malcolm Bullock's earlier marriage to her great grandmother, Lady Victoria Stanley."I'd love to know how this marriage came about, whether it was a marriage of convenience; whether there was any warmth in it."To seek the answer to this Clare travels to Knowsley Hall, the ancestral home of the Earls of Derby and the childhood home of her great grandmother, Lady Victoria Stanley.Apart from knowing that Lady Victoria died in a tragic riding accident and having a rather formal, unsmiling, portrait of Lady Victoria on her wall, Clare doesn't know much about her great-grandmother. With the help of Stephen Lloyd, the curator of the archives at Knowsley, Clare examines scrap books which cover her 2x great-grandfather's period as British Ambassador to France from 1918 - 1920. Captain Malcolm Bullock was posted to the Embassy in Paris as his Military Secretary and it was at this time that he met Lady Victoria. Clare reads letters from Victoria to Malcolm which suggest she had an unexpectedly fun and cheeky side. Another scrapbook reveals the tragedy of Lady Victoria's death 8 years into the marriage in 1927. The expressions of grief leaves Clare certain that her great-grandparents' marriage was in fact a genuinely loving one."I think Malcolm and Lady Victoria had a very happy marriage, albeit short… it may have been a convenient meeting but it wasn't a marriage of convenience...and 3 or 4 years later he's living in a very different circle, he's swept up into a different world."Using the records of TheGenealogist we are able to find in the Visitation of England and Wales 1919 that Captain Malcolm Bullock married Lady Victoria Alice Louise Primrose at the Embassy Church in Paris on the 11th June 1919. This record shows us that Lady Victoria was the daughter of the 17th Earl of Derby, and at the time was the widow of the Honorable Neil Primrose M.P.Clare's Paternal LineTo begin looking at her paternal line, Clare talks to her father, racehorse trainer Ian Balding - along with his cousin Judith - about their side of the family. The Baldings are descended from a long line of polo players, horse dealers and trainers. Ian's father, Clare's grandfather Gerald Barnard Balding, was a 10-goal polo player and he had travelled to play polo in America in the 1920s when he was in his 20s. It was there that he met and later married the American heiress, Eleanor Hoagland.By using the resources of TheGenealogist we can find several passages that he made to America within the BT27 Outbound passenger lists on TheGenealogist.As the Baldings know very little about the Hoagland family, Clare follows in Gerald's footsteps and heads to the US - to Rumson, New Jersey - to trace the family there."It's a very odd thing knowing that a lot of me is American. But I've never really felt American. And maybe that's to do with not really knowing much about that side of my family..."Who do You Think You Are? takes Clare to the country club in Rumson where her grandfather played polo and it is here that she meets her Aunt Gail and finds out that Gerald Balding had been an international polo star. He had come over to America from England to teach polo at the Rumson club and also to play American teams. At the Rumson club Gerald met Clare's grandmother Eleanor – whose father, Joseph Hoagland, owned a large estate nearby. It seemed that the wealthy Hoaglands were not pleased that their daughter wished to marry an English polo player with little capital behind him. Claire is shown a photo of her imposing great-grandfather Joseph and wonders how it was that he made his money."So, Joseph Hoagland with the piercing blue eyes, you terrifying man…who are you and what did you do?"At the Rumson Library, Clare is able to discover Joseph and his family in the 1920 census where they are living in Manhattan at the very affluent address of Madison Avenue. She is also able to find a passport application which reveals that his occupation was in 'real estate'. Clare next visits Manhattan on the trail of her American family where Jason Barr, an expert on the history of Manhattan, indicates to her a building that Joseph Hoagland financed and developed in 1920. As just one of the projects he bankrolled, this one represented a $1,000,000 investment on Joseph's behalf. Clare's great-grandfather had been a developer who had followed the trend for a new style of urban living in New York. More and more affluent New Yorkers were selling off their previous townhouses and moving into the new high-rise luxury apartment buildings that were going up all over the city at this time.Clare's reaction was to say about the Hoaglands:"Let's not beat about the bush – they're loaded!"Clare wants to know if Joseph had been a self-made man, and so Jason takes Clare on a walk to see the location of Joseph's father Raymond's former home. The address turns out to be on Fifth Avenue, right opposite Central Park, and it is still prime real estate today. Reading a newspaper report of Joseph's marriage to his wife Eleanor Prentice, there is a mention of Joseph's "distinguished grandfather" who is also called Joseph Hoagland. This points to Clare's 3 x great-grandfather, Joseph Sr as being the original Hoagland entrepreneur. The New York Historical Society provides Clare with the opportunity to look at some directories for New York in this period and she is surprised by the product that her ancestor had made his money from."Baking powder? How would you make a fortune out of baking powder?"Clare visits the Brooklyn address listed for Joseph Hoagland Sr's Royal Baking Powder Company. The food historian, Linda Civitello, explains to Clare that although her ancestor's business didn't invent the product, he was, however, able to improve on its marketing and advertising – and so make millions of dollars in the process. Baking powder had been invented in the mid-19th century and as it was a more reliable and convenient alternative to yeast, for leavening baked goods, it soon took off among the buying public. Joseph Hoagland began by selling baking powder from a drugstore in Indiana before going into partnership with his brother Cornelius. The Hoaglands then branded the product and moved their business to New York. By using some smart national advertising they made the brand memorable and this was how Clare's 3 x great grandfather made his family's original fortune."What sort of qualities does a man like Joseph Hoagland have to take a risk the way he did? Was he a nice man or not?"Clare meets Clifton Hood, a historian, who is able to explain about Joseph Hoagland's rise to prominence in New York society. A newspaper report of a business dispute sees Cornelius Hoagland quoted as describing his brother Joseph:"Suffice to say in a general way that his faculty for making uncomfortable everybody he comes in contact with is unsurpassed."Joseph Hoagland Sr died in 1899 and Clare reads from her ancestor's obituary that he was of "Dutch extraction and a descendent of the early settlers of New Amsterdam". New Amsterdam was the former name of New York City when it was founded in the 1620s by the Dutch. Later on it became a sign of social status if a New Yorker could prove their descent from the early Dutch settlers, and so sometimes it was falsely claimed. Clare wasn't sure what the case was with her forebears' claim."If he was of Dutch ancestry then he made New York! And it's all mine!"At the Brooklyn Historical Society, Clare meets genealogist Roger Joslyn who shows her a 19th century genealogy volume which charts the Hoagland family line "From their First Settlement at New Amsterdam" in the 1620s. Even though this study had been commissioned by Joseph's brother Cornelius, the genealogist has verified the links and research independently and he tells Clare that the Hoaglands really do come from the earliest Dutch settlers to New York. Clare's 10 x great grandmother is identified to be Sarah Rapelje, who is believed to have been the first European woman to be born in New York.Clare's family history journey has shown us that her maternal line is of English aristocratic stock and also included an ex-Scots Guards officer and Member of Parliament whose sexuality had to be kept hidden, as at the time it was illegal to be a homosexual. Tracing her paternal line sees her follow a penniless polo player, from England, who crossed the Atlantic to play in America. There he married the daughter of a rich New York property owning family that could trace its roots back to early New Amsterdam and from there back to Holland, so cementing their social status in the Big Apple.Press Information from IJPR on behalf of the programme makers Wall to Wall MediaExtra research and record images from within TheGenealogist Professor Foster sat hunched over his desk, his head resting in his hand. The phone he had pressed to his ear was set onthe lowest audible volume setting, yet the distinct cursing of a second party could be clearly overheard."I don't pay you for failure and poor excuses, Doctor," the voice seethed."I know," He replied. "But the formula-""The formula is not the problem! The formula can be changed! YOU, Doctor, are the problem!""Mr. Luthor, what you're asking me to do, what you're asking the lab to do, is-""Is well within my power," Luthor replied. "Don't forget who owns Cadmus Labs."The click of Lex Luthor hanging up could be heard as clear as the conversation. With that, Foster let his head hit hispaper-ridden table with a "thump."Notes on his current project were scattered all over the desk. Files and papers marked "Project: Bolt" wereabundant. He was always a bit of a slob, believing that true geniuses were, but then taking it too far. It's why Eileenleft him; why he lives in his hole of an apartment; why his life, altogether, is just a mess.The phone rang again, startling Foster out of his deep thought."Professor?" A shaky voice asked."Gail?" The professor recognized the voice. It was Gail Summers, a research assistant he hired part-time fromCalifornia State in Los Angeles."Professor something horrible has happened. There was this guy in black, and he came in, and he kept screaming,and he saw me and Jonathan, and he came toward us... He just... He pulled out a gun and..."As Gail's voice trailed off, the professor's face darkened. He knew what had happened.Later, Professor Foster and Gail sat outside, on the lab steps. Foster kept his head buried in his hands while Gail'smake-up smeared face was illuminated by the lights of the police cars. Slowly, Gail noticed the man standing above her."Excuse me," the man said. He was a tall, broad shouldered man, in his late fifties. The way he carried himselftold Gail that he was a cop. The badge on his coat confirmed it."Yes?" She asked."I'm Detective Jay Garrick, with the L.A.P.D.," He said. "I'm going to have to ask you and the professorGail noddded. The professor seemed to be wrapped in his own world, not listening to what the detective had said. "JonGriggs, my research partner, and I were working late in the lab. Out of nowhere, this man in black appeared, screaming.""What," Detective Garrick asked, "Was he saying exactly?""He was yelling, 'You!' 'Your fault!' 'I'll make sure it won't happen again!' Then he pulled out a gun and he just...Gail couldn't take it. She broke out into tears once more, sobbing into her hands. Detective Garrick knew how it ended."He shot him." Garrick said.There was nothing but a nod from the girl, and a few more sobs. Detective Garrick squat down beside the young lady andattempted to soothe her pain. He couldn't stand to see a woman cry. Plus, he couldn't get a decent statement out of herif she couldn't even talk.After a few moments, the tears stopped running, and Garrick said, finally, "I have to ask you something." The"What was it that you were working on?"It was at this point that Professor Foster sat up straight. Foster looked Garrick square in the eye. "That's classified,""Uh-huh," replied Garrick. "I'm gonna need something more than that.""Well, I can't-""It's this new chemical," Gail interupted. Foster shot her a dirty look. "We're developing it for LexCorp.It excites the structure and behavior of molecules to a certain degree by-""Detective Garrick!" A man called, interrupting the statement given by Gail. Garrick turned to see a youngman, in his late twenties, running toward him through the crowds of police officers. He wore a black jumpsuit that read "L.A.P.DCrime Lab" on one side, and "Allen" on the other. He was carrying a metal briefcase, probably holding evidence-gatheringdevices, thought Garrick."Barry!" Garrick called out. "Another few minutes and I would've called the lab myself. Where've you"Traffic was killer. I got out here as fast as I could." He replied."Right. Get in there and do your thing, Allen."The Cadmus Labs Research Facility was completely state-of-the-art. It had to be, if it were owned by LexCorp. Luthorwould've bought the place an atom smasher if he found one he liked. At least this is what Barry thought.Barry Allen had been a crime scene investigator for the Los Angeles Police Department for nealy three years. He wasn'ta seasoned professional, no, but he certainly wasn't green. Ever since he was young, Barry had always had a knack for science.His methodical pace to things was perfect for lab work. Originally, he had signed up to work at Cadmus, but they rejectedhim. So, he ended up at the front doorstep of the L.A.P.D. It was with the help of an old family friend, Jay Garrick, thathe was able to get his foot in the door. Since then, Barry looked up to Jay as a father figure.Garrick taught him the basics of deductive reasoning. He taught him how to shave the stories he created from the evidencewith Occam's Razor. Barry owed him much a lot.He thought about all this as he put on the containment suit. It was a tad snug in places Barry didn't like, but protocolis protocal. The airlock he walked through to get to the laboratory was pretty cool. He was a big fan of science fiction,and loved the sound of a "swooshing" doorway. The second door opened, and he entered the lab.The scene was painted out in his mind through the evidence. On the wall of the lab, a large splatter of blood could bescene, indicating that the shooter was at close-range and that the shot went through and through. He stepped around the brokenglass test tubes at his feet to the wall. Barry set his case on the work station table, opened it, and shuffled through toolsuntil he found his tweezers.On closer inspection of the wall, one could see the bullet, halfway into the wall itself. Barry gripped it firmly inthe tweezers and pulled the bullet out. Placing it in the bag, he continued his investigation.The next thing he noticed was a row of test tubes sitting in a rack laying on the table in front of him. He bent downto get a closer look. On the side of one of the tubes, a label read "BOLT"."'Bolt'," He mused. "Must be some kind of energy drink..."Then, he remembered what the young lady outside had been telling Jay. That Cadmus had been designing a product for LexCorp.He toyed with the idea for a while.He bagged two samples of the formula. Perhaps, he thought, it was the reason the assailant came to Cadmus in the firstAn hour later, only a few cop cars were left. Professor Fulton and Gail had been taken into police custody for furtherquestioning, and Detective Garrick stood outside the labs, waiting for Barry.Taking his time, processing every bit of information thrown at him, Garrick thought. Just like his father.Barry's father, Jim, was a cop, and partners with Garrick. They became good friends, and as Garrick moved up in the force,and Jim remained, they kept that bond. Every Sunday, Jay would go the Allen residence to eat dinner, swap stories with Jim,and play cops and robbers with young Barry. Jay and his wife, Joan, didn't have any kids of their own. Turned out that Joanwasn't able to conceive. It didn't bother Jay, however, thanks to those Sundays with the Allens.Later, however, Jay would come to visit more than just Sundays, after what happened to Jim.Just then, Barry came out of Cadmus Labs, briefcase in hand."Done?" Garrick asked."Yep," Barry replied. "All that's left is to take this to the lab, do some preliminary tests, and head"How's "Miss District Attorney" doing these days?""Iris's okay. It's been a little off since she became the assistant D.A., but we're adjusting.""Well," said Barry, "We rarely get to see each other as it is. Now with this new job, I'm afraid we'regonna slip further and further apart."Silence fell between the two men. Garrick understood the time this job took away. The longing to be in two places atonce, but knowing it will never happen."Listen," Jay said, as he placed his hand on Barry's shoulder. "You and Iris are tough kids. If it'smeant to work out, then it will. Everything happens for a reason. There are no accidents.""Yeah, I know." Barry looked off into the distance.Garrick let his hand drop back down to his side. "You better be taking off, now. Wouldn't want to keep you fromyour precious test tubes and beakers.""Still sore I didn't join the force, old man?" Barry laughed."No more sore than I will be if I don't catch you for the game on Sunday," he replied."Never missed one yet," Barry smiled as he walked away.Formaldahyde and cheese. That's the smell Barry used to describe the scent of the L.A.P.D.'s crime lab. Top notch accomidations,sure, but you'd think they'd remember to add a Glade Plug-In in one of the outlets. Barry was putting some blood samplesto test, but his mind was elsewhere. He was more puzzled as to the fact that the assailant left no evidence behind besidesa slug from a Glock 17 and a lot of innocent blood. The only thing left behind were some slight black lines on the linoleumfloor that looked slightly like burns. Barry hadn't brung his crobar that day, so settled for taking pictures of the skids.He wandered toward his lab kit and pulled out the samples of the chemical he pulled out of the lab. He wasn't quite surewhat it was. From mere observation, it looked like fizzy red Kool-Aid. Since that wasn't detailed enough for a lab report,Barry decided to run a few tests on one of the samples.As Barry ran the tests, he called Jay, asking if he knew anything about the chemical he had found. Jay responded cursingBarry, asking him if he knew what time it was, told him what he knew about it, told him where to stick it, and abruptly hungup the phone.Barry glanced at the clock. It was nearing two in the morning, and he had promised to go with Iris to the courthouseIris West, the love of Barry's life. They had dated before, off and on, but now that Barry had a stable job, he couldprovide her witht the things she needed: Love, happiness, and security.She was in the middle of a custody battle with her brother over her nephew, Wally. It seemed that Wally's father wasusing him as a punching bag, and when Iris heard about it... Well, let's say that the courtroom wasn't the only place he wasbeing hurt in.Wally West was troubled. Barry had tried his best to be friendly to him whenever he visited, but the kid doesn't trustanyone working for the cops. The only person he seems to trust is Iris. She's been a saint to the kid, Barry thought.Barry hadn't realised how long he'd left the Bolt formula sitting on the bunsen burner. The concoction had boiled out,leaving a sticky resin at the bottom of the beaker. When Barry realised this, he quickly turned off the burner and removedthe beaker with a pair of safety tongs.He was halfway to the sink when it hit. A nauseuous feeling, flipping his stomach over. Hunger, he thought. After allhe hadn't eaten much all day. He never did when he was working this hard. Everything was fine.Barry, however, was not. Now his stomach churned. He tasted bile in the back of his throat. It wasn't before long thathe fell to all fours and began heaving on the floor of his lab space.Things started to turn to slow motion, like in one of those bad, cheesy Matrix rip-off movies. Barry began to shake andtremble. Then everything went black.Barry Allen was sprawled on the floor when the paramedics found him. His vitals were low, slightly resembling those ofheart attack victims. They worked according to procedure, but Barry's life was in the hands of fate. Main / Entertainment / Asphalt 8 apk data directAsphalt 8 apk data directName: Asphalt 8 apk data directFile size: 927mb13 Apr Download Asphalt 8 airborne mod apk data unlimited money Stars from Revdl With Direct Link. Also You Can Download Asphalt 8: Airborne. 13 Apr Asphalt 8: Airborne is a racing video game, developed and published by Gameloft as part of the Asphalt series. Asphalt 8: Airborne is now MOGA Enhanced! Next story ES File Explorer Pro Patched Apk Mod for Android. 9 Nov Download full APK of Asphalt 8 Airborne Modded Unlimited Credits, Tokens, Levels. This is single direct link of Asphalt 8: Airborne APK Mod Unlocked With Before Installing Game, Turn off WiFi and Mobile Data. You can.1 Aug Download ASPHALT 8:AIRBORNE Apk + data(Unlimited Mod) + OBB with direct download links. 30 Mar Asphalt 8 Airborne apk – COMEMORE O TORNEIO EUROPEU DE Android; Cole o data na pasta Android/Obb/grassrootsalute.comd. 24 Mar Asphalt 8: Airborne - long-awaited continuation of magnificent races. Receive a GTA 3 APK+DATA 9 MB Highly Compressed Free Download . ANDROID & IOS Highly Compressed Games No Ads & Direct Download on.Asphalt 8 hack mod apk update all unlimited asphalt 8 mod airborne Additional content obb/data optional downloadable, with an incredibly high racing game. Asphalt 8: Airborne d APK + DATA MOD [Unlimited Money] Direct Download . Download Latest Asphalt 8 Airborne APK + Data + MOD (Unlimited Money) for Android and IOS with direct link for free. Asphalt 8 Airborne mod here. 19 Sep Also Asphalt 8 Airborne Mod is out too. Today, i will provide you the direct links to download the APK game and the data .OBB file). I will also. 7 Dec ASPHALT 8 Airborne HIGHLY COMPRESSED 5 MB (APK+OBB Direct link) Without Website How I Earn money from direct link ads posting on. Internet of Things (IoT) refers to identifiable objects and their virtual representation in an Internet-like structure. The term is commonly used to signify advanced connectivity between everyday objects such as appliances and devices, systems and services that go beyond machine-to-machine communications, and covers a variety of protocols, domains and applications.Internet Engineering Task Force (IETF) << PreviousNext >> Internet Protocol (IP)PowerMedia XMSDialogicONEInternet of ThingsReferences for the glossary can be viewed by clicking here. Kelly Brewster was missing for almost 24 hours following the Manchester terrorist attack, but, tragically, has now been declared dead.The 32-year-old British woman was at the Ariana Grande concert with her sister Claire and young niece, Hollie Booth.Both Hollie’s legs were broken in the chaotic aftermath of the explosion, which her incredibly brave aunt tried to protect her from. Her sister, Claire, suffered a broken jaw.A family member confirmed to MailOnline that Kelly had passed away after being found injured and unconscious in hospital.She is survived by boyfriend Ian Winslow, who she was just about to move in with.Winslow’s father, John Winslow, told MailOnline that Kelly was “a lovely lass,” adding, “when I think of her now, all I remember is her smile.”He said his son was “absolutely distraught” and had frantically searched for news of Kelly, along with her family and friends, following the blast. To open or not to open a new transporter toy? That's the question The Big Bang Theory's Sheldon tackles in Thursday's episode. Luckily, he gets some much-needed advice from the most logical source: Leonard Nimoy.This week's Big Bang Theory is entitled "The Transporter Malfunction," and it features Nimoy like you've never seen him before. As we previously reported, the Star Trek actor appears in voice only to Spock fanatic Sheldon Cooper (Jim Parsons) in a dream sequence.Physically, Nimoy embodies an action figure, which helps Sheldon with a serious problem. Should he open a toy that's in mint condition or keep it in its original packaging, retaining its value? This is an issue that toy collectors deal with every day. But unlike Sheldon, they're not guided by such iconic voices.Even though Nimoy's appearance is pretty short, the actor loved his time on set. He told The Hollywood Reporter, "I thoroughly enjoyed myself. [They're] a talented company and a smart show; they made me welcome."You can get a sneak peek of Sheldon and Nimoy below. Keep an eye out for "little Spock's" various poses. He's got some serious moves! They don't call them action figures for nothing.The Big Bang Theory airs Thursdays at 8 p.m.(via The Hollywood Reporter) Every singer has their own habits that ensure that their voices remain as great as possible. Sure we do have auto-tune and editing to ensure the voices remain in pitch and are exceptional, however those techniques can only do so much. The rest has to rely on the singers voice and there are certain habits that they do outside of intense practicing.Today we will be looking at some particular habits that singers have to improve their voices. These practices help in keeping your voice in check and are the habits that successful singers practice every single day.Less Overworry, More Confidence In Your VoiceOf course the performance of an artist varies from day to day, however one thing that separates the amateur to a profession is the understanding of that. A professional singer who understands their voice through and through will be in more control and not as likely to worry about it compared to someone who lacks that.This is key as we naturally use pitches to convey certain emotions. Naturally we raise our voices when we yell by getting angry. We get shy and reserved when we speak lower. The same case happens with singing. If you worry so much it shows in your singing performance.Avoid Panicking When You Get SickWe all get sick, but when you are a singer and have to perform it can leave grounds of uneasiness and panic. Instead put some effort in minimizing the symptoms. Furthermore take some more preventative measures to ensure you don’t get sick in the future.Practice The ‘Vocal Monk’If you plan on performing a lot through tours or for longer than usual periods of time, practice the vocal monk. What this means is you are limiting the amount in which you speak prior to the performance to reduce the strain on your vocal cords. In the end you want to ensure you either have minimal talking or ideally no talking outside of the performances. Furthermore you must never yell or scream as that’ll strain your vocal cords even further.Live A Healthy LifestyleWe all know how smoking impacts a person voice, however it’s not just smoking that affects that. A lot of singers these days live a very healthy lifestyle. It’s very rare for them to party every night, and drink and eat whatever they want. No, they treat themselves like an athlete before a game. Even when they are not performing.The last habit that successful singers have is they express gratitude for their gift. Believe it or not, not every person has the ability to sing, let alone sing well. Some will never have the opportunity to sing at all.It’s this particular gift that singers have that they should be grateful for and they are. Most of them devote some time during the day to express their thanks. Thanks that they could sing, that their training has paid off, and that they can perform and do what they love. And above all they express their gratitude for being able to share their talents with the world.These habits don’t just apply to singers, they apply to aspiring singers or simply other people who look up to singers. In our own ways singers are people we an aspire to be or get motivated from, they are our voice in some sense. So who wouldn’t want to pick up these habits? The local business community, with the help of hundreds of Cape Codders, turned National Margarita Day into a BIG win for the Cape Cod Chapter of Big Brothers Big Sisters!On Thursday, February 22, the community raised $4,000 for the non-profit organization during the National Margarita Day celebration at GUAPO’s Orleans. Nauset Disposal, Cape Cod Broadcasting and Bayside Tent co-hosted the fundraiser, helping reach the 4K tally.The annual fundraiser featured a festive party where revelers enjoyed a heated tent, margarita samples, food stations and a boomerang photo booth in exchange for a donation to Big Brothers Big Sisters. Additional funds were raised through the annual Blizzard Barrel giveaway. Party goers purchased chances to win the 95-gallon Nauset Disposal barrel, which was filled with products, gift cards, sports tickets and more donated by local businesses….a total of more than $2,000 in prizes! More than 40 local businesses contributed to the prize. The lucky Blizzard Barrel winner was Maryellen Kumiega of Brewster.“It’s fantastic to see so many businesses and local residents rallying for a great cause,” said Kyle Parker, Owner of GUAPO’s. “On behalf of all of us at GUAPO’s, we’d like to thank everyone who contributed prizes to the barrel, purchased a chance, or came out to the party to support the initiative. Collectively, we really can make a difference!”The evening also included an opportunity for party-goers to learn more about Big Brothers Big Sisters and the work they do on the Cape. Currently, the organization has 80 littles awaiting mentors. They are particularly in need of male mentors.“We are so grateful for Guapo’s, Nauset Disposal, CCBM, Bayside Tent and the many other businesses who donated to make this night a huge success!”, said JR Mell, Regional Director for BBBSCCI. “This event raised much needed funding to support our mission and was the perfect venue to kick off our “30 Guys in 30 Days” campaign. In one night we were able to sign up 4 male volunteers who stepped up to make a difference in the life of a child right here on the Cape!”The National Margarita Day party is part of GUAPO’s long-standing “GUAPO’s GIVES” initiative, through which they raise thousands of dollars annually for local non-profit groups. GUAPO’s is located at 136 Route 6A (Staples Plaza) in Orleans with a second seasonal location in Brewster. For more information, visit guaposcapecod.com, facebook.com/guaposcapecod or call 508-255-3338. Summary: What does the Christ Follower do in a recession? What does the Christ follower do when things go south? What does the Christ follower do when things don’t look so good?This message is an edited version of a sermon given at Loving God Fellowship. Copyright © 2008 Loving God Fellowship, Inc. http://www.LovingGodFellowship.org . You are encouraged to share this message with those you know that are hungry for God’s Word.What does the Christ Follower do in a Recession?By Rev. Greg JohnsonThe new year of 2008 is off to a rocky start economically. There is beginning to be talk of the “R” word – Recession. Danny Schechter, director of the film In Debt We Trust, writes the following commentary in the December 2007 issue of Sojourners Magazine:Mortgage Blues - Predatory credit hurts homeowners and the world economy."Today, 2 million families face foreclosure on their homes in the aftermath of what should be called the “subcrime”: Many credit-poor families were seduced into buying houses with so-called subprime loans (pricier than most ordinary loans) that the lender knew they could not afford. The mortgages had interest rates that were initially attractively low, but which quickly reset upwards. Families living on the edge soon found themselves in an unaffordable situation—especially as other costs, such as gas and food, went up. Many homeowners are now caught in a squeeze that could cause far more homelessness than Hurricane Katrina.And they’re not the only ones in trouble. Financial markets are melting down. To keep them afloat, the Federal Reserve and its counterparts in other countries have had to inject hundreds of billions of dollars into the banking system. More than 140 companies have already imploded. Thousands in the housing industry are out of work. Economists fear a serious recession and are scaling back their projections for growth.How was this allowed to happen? These days, instead of holding onto mortgages they make, most banks sell them to Wall Street. There, prominent firms make millions recycling mortgages into securities and other exotic financial instruments, often using them to provide financing for even bigger deals—and sanctioning the unrestrained greed and unregulated chicanery of the predatory lending industry.It became a classic “the emperor has no clothes” story when it was revealed that many of those “asset-backed securities” had no real assets behind them. Suddenly, the paper proved worthless and the markets panicked. Soon there was a “crisis of liquidity” in financial circles, as it became clear that bad deals had been funded by bad debts. That’s where we are now: trying to figure out what’s real and what’s not, as the markets melt down and mortgage companies that engaged in predatory lending implode.It’s a major crisis, impacting the people who can least afford it. In September, the Federal Reserve cut interest rates by half a percent—a move that will help bail out bankers, but not the people who are suffering under the burden of debt and foreclosures.We need the media to put this crisis into a larger context, stop focusing on the woes of wealthy speculators, and show the economic pain of ordinary Americans. Only a few critics are telling the real story, as populist pundit Jim Hightower does: “At its core, this is a classically simple story of banker greed and outright sleaze. And the astonishing part is that nearly all of the rank injustice perpetrated by today’s moneychangers is considered legal and is practiced by supposedly reputable financial firms.”In Europe and elsewhere, many religious leaders have been leading the fight for serious debt relief for Africa. Where are the voices calling for serious action to help those hurt by the mortgage crisis here in America?We need to demand a moratorium on all foreclosures until we have a full investigation of the discriminatory and illegal targeting and deceptive marketing used by shady mortgage companies—and of the collusion by investment banks and hedge funds. Barack Obama has called for fines against these merchants of misery. But does that even go far enough? Should these firms be bailed out or jailed out? We need scandal, protest, and resistance. We need indictments. We need investments in housing, and massive paybacks by the financiers who enriched themselves at others’ expense.Beyond that, we also need tougher regulation of the whole credit industry, including the predatory practices of credit card companies and payday lenders. These form part of the growing “financialization” of our society, which transfers more and more wealth from the people who have least to those at the top—a process that, in the case of the mortgage meltdown, has now put the entire global economy in jeopardy."What does the Christ Follower do in a recession? What does the Christ follower do when things go south? What does the Christ follower do when things don’t look so good?The Christ follower does the same thing in the bad times as they do in the good times – they bear good fruit. They continue the ministry of Jesus Christ in the power of the Holy Spirit. They minister at the point of need. They make a difference in their day. At the end of August, the Colorado Springs-based Independent Records chain closed its store at 937 East Colfax Avenue. Angelo's CDs, which recently opened a new store at 1959 South Broadway and has stores in Aurora and Wheat Ridge, has since moved into the space next door to the Ogden Theatre. While the store is open now, it will be about two more weeks before it's totally up and running.See also: Independent Records closing in AugustIf you like this story, consider signing up for our email newsletters.SHOW ME HOWYou have successfully signed up for your selected newsletter(s) - please keep an eye on your mailbox, we're movin' in! Umbellate Sentence Examples- Candidum) and a variety, bizantinum, two umbellate forms of the type L.- Parkinson, in his Paradisus (1629), described five varieties of martagon, six of umbellate kinds - two white ones, and L.- C. umbellate, 3 to 4 in., much branched, with narrow hairy leaves, and corymbs of magenta-crimson flowers in the summer months.- Hardy bulbs of the garlic family, some species of which are ornamental; the inflorescence is umbellate. The BOLD AwardsAmericans will, on average, spend 87% of their lives indoors. Technology and new innovations offer opportunities to improve comfort, sustainability, and efficiency; but change is never easy. The BOLD Awards recognize Building Optimizers, Leaders, and Disruptors who are pushing boundaries and transforming the way we use technology in the built environment.Aquicore, Comfy, Enlighted, and View proudly present The BOLD Awards to celebrate exceptional contributions to the real estate industry. The annual awards spotlight key individual contributions to innovation in buildings that are improving our communities while making our buildings more sustainable.The BOLD Awards 2016 were held on October 5th in Los Angeles on the first day of the Greenbuild International Conference & Expo. See who won last year.The BOLD Awards recognize leaders in the following 5 categories:The Mentor – Mentors are key to all of our successes. The Mentor Award recognizes a senior leader whose support of innovative ideas, technologies, and programs positively impacted the efficiency and sustainability of their built environment.The Innovator – Happy tenants are the best tenants. The Innovator Award recognizes an individual who pioneered unique and creative programs or initiatives with the goal of increasing tenant engagement, satisfaction, and retention.The Champion – Every team needs its champion. The Champion award recognizes a leader who developed innovative systems or processes with cutting-edge technology, solutions or strategies to solve difficult commercial real estate challenges.The Unsung Hero – Sometimes the people creating the most important change operate under the radar. This award highlights an individual who is instrumental in accelerating the adoption of technology in buildings, but largely does so behind the scenes.The People's Choice Award!We’re adding some democracy to mix with The People’s Choice award, where you and your peers decide by popular vote one person who deserves a BOLD Award from any of the eligible nominees. Vote for your choice! Increasing automation and interconnectivity in the world's industrial factories is unwittingly helping them become more vulnerable to cyber attacks, a statement from Allianz says.Utilities providers in the Ukraine, Israel and Germany have been recent cyber attack targets, demonstrating that hackers are likely to go for industrial control systems (ICS) or complete shutdowns.ICS is increasingly becoming a major vulnerability, numbering 295 ICS cyber attacks in the US last year. Allianz says these attacks could potentially result in physical damage such as explosions, as well as business interruptions from outside attacks, technical failure and operator error.ICS processes were often designed in an era before cyber security, so they are inevitably more vulnerable, says Nigel Pearson, global head of fidelity at AGCS.Allianz says similar risks plague the manufacturing industry as more companies adopt smart technology, including automation, robots and connected supply chains. The risks for insurers are now greater, but the opportunities are too.“Continuous monitoring and predictive maintenance of automated production lines will reduce small scale frequency losses and increase equipment lifetime. Supply chains will be better monitored, more predictable and visible with improved tracking options and losses reduced from spoilage or expiration,” explains Michael Bruch, head of Emerging Trends at AGCS.The problems arise in interconnected supply chains, as technical faults embedded into code are hard to detect and can often compound resulting in a fault that could last days. The cost to a company could number in the tens of millions, Allianz says.This has a ripple effect across not only the company itself, but all its interconnected supply partners.These risks can be managed by maintaining "High technical IT security standards of networks, software and mobile devices, staff awareness trainings, continuous process optimization and rigid management of access rights and guidelines must go hand in hand. To manage the residual risks, cyber insurance is becoming a core element of IT risk management for many companies," says Jens Krickhahn, cyber insurance expert at AGCS Central and Eastern Europe.Allianz predicts future trends in digitization will see the increasing importance of intangible assets such as brand management, intellectual properly, skills and supply chain assets. To insure this, packages must include risk analysis, benchmarking and mitigation advice, the company says. Last In, First Out: How to Prioritize Your Boxes when Moving to Little Rock01/14/2018When you're relocating, amidst the boxing, organizing and planning to get to your landing-place, few people take a moment to ponder about how you will unpack once you get there. However, standing in your new home hauling boxes out of the truck, there are a several items you will want ready right away as opposed to everything else that could wait several days. It is important to be prepared for your first few hours, night and week in the house and what you'll require to be able to readily unpack at each stage for the most effortless and enjoyable move possible. Here at A-1 Freeman Moving, we have aided thousands of people move and can suggest some helpful tips on how to pack up your things in order so that unpacking is a breeze. Last In, First Out When packing a single box or the whole moving truck, it helps to keep in mind a simple ground rule known as FILO or "First In, Last Out". What this suggests is that the first thing you pack will have lots of other items heaped on top of it and will, therefore, be one of the last things you unpack. The first thing in a box will always be at the bottom and the first box into the moving truck will be in back of everything else. However, the better way to think of this in terms of your experience is "Last In, First Out" meaning that the things you pack last will be what you can access as soon as you get to your destination. Smart Packing Strategy in Little Rock When packing your entire house, it is not difficult to simply pack everything indiscriminately into boxes based more on where it is located in your house than whether or not you will need it. Instead, start by making a list of the items you will need when you are at your new abode, on the first day and over the first night. Remember that you'll probably be at the end of a long road or plane trip. If you don't check into a hotel for the first few nights, it is vital to have a few things readily available. Personal Items In the course of the first day at your new bare home, you will most likely want some perfectly normal things that the residence may or may not be equipped to offer so you will want to have planned accordingly. One thing that is most often missed is a full kit of toiletries. Make sure to pack toilet paper, hand soap and towels along with your tooth brushing and shower gear. Of course, you will also want a couple changes of clothes closeby until you unpack the wardrobe boxes. Practical The following group of things to consider is what you'll need admist unpacking. If you do not want to sit on boxes, bring a camp chair or two so you can take a load off between unpacking sessions before the furniture is in place. You will also need a box cutter or pocket knife for tape, a dolly for moving heavy or stacked boxes and your set of tools for reassembling the furniture. You can feel free to skip this step if you have contracted professional movers to unpack and reassemble for you. Unpacking Order Lastly, you'll want to ponder the sequence you will want to unpack items, especially if your possessions are coming in multiple trucks. The primary rooms to concern yourself with are the bathroom, kitchen and bedroom, in that order. Make sure to pack the rest of your essential bathroom items, like towels and medicines, somewhere easy to find and swiftly accessible. The kitchen is the next thing people overlook and find themselves eating on paper plates while seeking the box of dishes. Your kitchen boxes should be clearly labeled and packed last so you can access your dishes, pans, and spices on the first night. Finally, make sure you can make your bed before you are exhausted at the end of the day with clean sheets, pillows, and blankets. Once you or your movers have cautiously sorted, packed, and labeled everything, working with your movers is the best way to make sure that the right boxes are available early and delivered to the right rooms. This way, you won't have to sift through stacks of heavy boxes to find what you're searching for as each room will have precisely what it needs. Scottish League Cup: Ross County win; Dundee Utd beaten on penalties, St Johnstone struggleRoss County were made to work but eventually opened their Scottish League Cup campaign with a 2-0 home win over Elgin City.The Highlanders, relegated from the Premiership last season, found the League Two side a tough nut to crack.It took an hour for the Staggies to make the breakthrough through Declan McManus.Josh Mullin scored the second eight minutes from time to end the visitors' resistance.Dundee United found the going tough at Tannadice against Arbroath.Nicky Clark looked to have given the hosts victory when he opened the scoring on 77 minutes.However, Bobby Linn's goal eight minutes from time levelled things up for the League One side.The visitors then claimed the extra point after emerging with a 5-3 victory in the penalty shootout.St Johnstone could not find a way past East Fife of League One in their opening League Cup Group B match, prevailing on penalties after a goalless 90 minutes.Saints struggled to break down a side two divisions beneath them, their promising build-up play undermined by a lack of cutting edge in the final third.Former Celtic and Hearts striker Tony Watt, who arrived at the club this summer, made his competitive debut off the bench and scored from the spot in the penalty shootout that the Premiership side won 5-4 to claim the extra point.Falkirk were another side to toil against lower league opposition. The Championship side went down 1-0 at home to League One outfit Montrose, Martin Rennie's goal settling the match.Dundee Utd 1-1 Arbroath (Arbroath win 5-3 on pens)Ross County 2-0 Elgin CityFalkirk 0-1 MontroseSt Johnstone 0-0 East Fife (St Johnstone won 5-4 on pens) Trained in Management and an early member of the British Institute of Management and the Institute of Directors, John has worked with psychometric profiles for over fifteen years and completed thousands of individual profiles.With a background in IT, John has also developed a unique software application that allows management and staff to contribute positively in the solution of challenges that affect almost any part of the business.Positivity is at the core of everything that John develops. Communication in business, whether it be one to one, or one to many, is central to achieving outstanding performance.John and his team have worked with managers and directors across a range of businesses to help with everything from straightforward recruitment, to solving people based challenges. Designing and working with teams, helping management and staff communicate using a simple common language that allows everyone to look for the strengths in others to be able to capitalise on those to increase individual and team performance.John has now structured a new business in the form of “Profile People” to enable as wide a range of people to be able to benefit from this knowledge and experience, and to be able to deliver these same solutions to their "CLIENTS"The business model is simple – we start with psychometric profiles (questionaires), delivered over the internet to anable us to discover your strengths. where feedback reports are only ever delivered to individuals in a face to face environment. This is key to John’s quality and continuity commitment.From there you can decide how you would like to move forward to improve your business performance creating a synergy from the strengths of individuals in your teams.Profile-P has grown out of a previous business:Business Improvement AssociatesProfile – P - Values“Profiles” for people who want to improve performance.We all have our own way of doing things, learned over many years of success and failure.We are taught how to do things right – by others who measure us by their values.No one teaches us how to communicate – where consequences for getting it wrong are greater than we can understand at the time.You will benefit significantly if you create a picture of your strengths in your mind such that you are not afraid to be wrong and happy to help others with things they are not good at.Profile – P is here to help you – all you have to do is ask.We make mistakes as you do, but we always try to learn from those to create new beginnings and better ways forward.We are not like the typical consultancy that writes reports about the things you have told us.We do not try and reinvent the wheel or create procedures that match the expected norms.We do work with you and your teams to allow everyone to be positive and creative, to empower everyone to find better ways to achieve an end result - or more...We can bring a wealth of experience in business to help you understand the possibilities for the future, providing you with choices that you may or may not to wish to take, you are in control.If you would like to understand your strengths and be able to share them openly with others – pick up the phone and call us or just e-mail a request for your own profile today. It has officially been six weeks since Delaney’s leukemia diagnosis. One of my first thoughts after they told me was, “She can’t be sick, she did an entire Insanity workout with me just yesterday!” For you older folks, Insanity is a video workout equivalent to your Jane Fonda or Jack LaLanne. It’s a tough workout, but it didn’t stop Delaney from doing the whole thing, all while yelling at me to “lift those knees up” and to “dig DEEPER!!!!” I literally asked the doctor, “I really don’t think she is sick, could this possibly be a mistake?”By now most of you know how my little pebble I call a brain bounces around, so I’ll share two other early thoughts from that first night that really have nothing to do with this post. We were just given the diagnosis and were waiting in our ER room to be transferred to be admitted to the cancer floor. A woman came in, another doctor that hadn’t been part of her initial examination, just to tell us that she was, “Really sorry.” In retrospect, I know she was just being nice. However, at the time, it angered me. Sorry? Sorry is what you say to somebody that just lost a loved one. Besides, my daughter wasn’t even sick, this whole thing had to be some sort of mistake!The other random feeling I remember experiencing was almost a sense of shame. My wife and I asked each other, “Do we tell anyone? Maybe we should just keep it to ourselves?” Like it was something we did wrong or that the fact that our daughter was sick was some sign of weakness of ours. We’ve obviously got past that quickly, but on the note of weakness, let me get back to the original topic of this post.This past Saturday a very sad Delaney asked, “Mommy, can I talk to you in private?” Uh oh. As every father of girls knows, somebody was about to be told on. And as every father of girls thinks, I was hoping it was on one of her sisters and not her dad. D’oh! It was me. Stacey shared later that Delaney was just sad because I had worked out with her sister and that was always our thing (if you ask me she always took it a little too far and would say things like, “If you are going to eat that candy then I am going to lock you in the basement for hours!”).During the past six weeks there wasn’t much exercise going on for any of us. Even when she wasn’t in the hospital, she wasn’t feeling well enough and we never knew if she was about to get sick, so nobody really did much of anything. Since she has been feeling better the past few days, and we seem to get be getting back to “normal”, this morning I asked her if she wanted to go down in the basement to work out with me. Not only did she reply with “sure,” but she did the entire workout like a champ. I even took a quick three second video of her doing her favorite exercise, the football drills (shocker for this little tomboy, I know). Because this blog won’t let me attach it, I’ll try to put it on her facebook page (www.facebook.com/CancerCanKissMyStache) so you can see Delaney DIGGING DEEPER!!! Have a great day everyone and just because I can’t say it enough, thank you for all the love and support!!! Palo for Excel is free, open source software.Palo works with small and medium-sized companies.Palo for Excel is open source business intelligence software that aids you in the areas of planning, analysis, and reporting. The product comes as a simple Excel extension application and grants you the same features of Palo OLAP, such as a multidimensional database, data write-back functions, and data modeling. When using Palo for Excel, all of the actions take place within the familiar Excel UI.Palo is owned by Jedox AG and provides an open source BI software suite. The company has been in business since 2007 and additionally offers global support and training programs. In 1987 I ended full time education early, as it was clear to me that universities at that time were only teaching the history of computers. I established my first IT company – Network Support Limited to deliver commercial systems to businesses that needed them at a time when there was little experience and much hype.I focussed the business on customer service, providing support and maintenance. The company became established as one of the leading organisations in London providing IT services, with many manufactures’ accreditations.In 1996 I spotted an opportunity at Pepsi Co International. Network Support evolved to Network Support International and became a provider of IP based email solutions for Microsoft. We rolled out Microsoft email to over 60 countries and established Wide Area Networks enabling communications for global offices using email and business critical applications.As brands were acquired by Pepsi they were also incorporated into the Pepsi network infrastructure, brands such as Walkers, Smiths, Quaker, Tropicana, Fritolay, and many others.2004 Saw the Telecoms infrastructure for Pepsi outsourced to major organisations. Having experienced the corporate environment, it was clear to me that there was a model for providing hosted corporate Microsoft email services.in 2005 Network Support International was renamed to Virtual eMail Limited and we established ourselves in the UK as the second Hosted Exchange provider. Virtual eMail was the one of the first cloud based Software as a Service organisations, though the “cloud” as a term had yet to be coined.In 2007 Virtual eMail was sold to Nasstar, a London based Internet Service Provider, listed on the London Stock ExchangeIn 2008 The Hosted Exchange services grew to be one of the biggestproviders in the UK. At the same time, it was clear to me that there was an opportunity to extend the offering into a Hosted Desktop model. I helped Nasstar change into a leading Hosted Desktop provider in the UK, with a clear innovative market leading product (www.nasstar.com).For most of 2009 I took time out cycling and went cycling round the UK, Europe and further. I became passionate about cycling, keeping fit and achieving cycling challenges. Unfortunately, it ended in a serious cycling accident for me at the end of 2009.Details of my companies are here Company formations can be made simple and straightforward when you use an incorporation agent such as London Registrars (http://www.london-registrars.co.uk/). This corporate and legal support firm is highly experienced in helping with new company incorporation in all its forms, from Ltd and LLP company formations to PLC and CIC incorporations. Companies large and small rely on London Registrars for this vital stage of formal incorporation.Correct company formations are essential for even the smallest of companies, but they entail more than basic paperwork and administration. Each company will face differing official requirements and in-house needs depending on its size and other discerning factors. That is why it is important to hire the services of an incorporation agent that offers a service which is bespoke to your company; which guides you through the necessary administration but which also going much further. This can include follow-up advice and support, often when an answer is required in a very short turnaround.London Registrars offers a number of packages within its company formations services, with each one underpinned by excellent customer service and speedy response times to queries. Its Ltd formation package helps to make a business’s new company compliance requirements straightforward thanks to a team of company secretaries and legal experts which are on hand to help with every stage of the process. The package includes the formal registration of a private limited company; a registered office address in central London; assistance and advice in the first directors meeting; and full legal and company compliance support.It is vital that every company, no matter what their function or size, carries out the correct compliance and registration when forming a company. When businesses realise the legal ramifications of company formations, many choose to outsource the service to experienced agents such as London Registrars, safe in the knowledge that this important task will be handled comprehensively and efficiently, letting them concentrate on running the business itself.For more information on this and all of the services offered by London Registrars, go to http://www.london-registrars.co.uk/. We fulfill our customer's demands by converting logos into exact embroidered logo ready to stitch. This extraordinary quality work is done by our exceptionally talented digitizer's team. Your satisfaction is our first priority; we guarantee a full refund if you are not satisfied with a logo digitized by California Digitizing. You need to provide a scanned sew-out, which will be used by our accounts depart for a refund and to show our digitizers how to enhance their quality. Our customers are important to us, and we want to make sure that they get the maximum quality output from California Digitizing. Welcome to Fyzical Therapy & Balance Centers in Port Charlotte! Spelled different because we are different. At your Fyzical Family we take the time to get to know you and design an individual plan of treatment just for you. A highly skilled Doctor of Physical Therapy will look at you holistically to develop a program for total body health and ensure you meet your health goals and return to doing the things you love. Call for an appointment today to experience how we are different. I have been with my boyfriend 2 years now, we have had anal sex before. I was not aware of the safety factors of it, and we had anal to vaginal sex...alot. I ended up with a horrible UTI and kidney infection. I also had anal herpes outbreak (never had one before.) This was all over a year ago.... I study conscious awareness and its top-down regulation from the purview of cognitive neuroscience, with a strong focus on time perception and hypnosis. My research on timing concerns the neural mechanisms underlying the perception of duration and dissociations between timing systems whereas my research on hypnosis is focused on the neurocognitive basis of hypnotic suggestibility.I also have strong interests in depersonalization/derealization (and dissociative states), mind wandering, metacognition, synaesthesia, and agency. A considerable amount of my research concerns intra-individual variability and heterogeneity in cognition. I use a wide range of methods including non-invasive brain stimulation, EEG, MRI, eye tracking, pharmacology, and psychophysics. Even with hilariously bad movies like “The Expendables” blowing away “Scott Pilgrim vs. the World” at the box office, they can’t touch it’s music. Long after these movies are gone from the screen and people have stopped marveling at hulking geriatrics, iPods will still be playing the “Scott Pilgrim” soundtrack. I admit to contributing to the initial ticket sale discrepancy — for me the toss up boiled down to the tag lines “Choose your weapon,” or “An epic of epic epicness” and I just couldn’t swallow the latter at the last minute.But here’s some love for “Scott Pilgrim” from Metric’s Emily Haines who, wearing sunglasses that look like candy, talks briefly about how director Edgar Wright invited her band to help facilitate his vision after they finished their album, “Fantasies,” and about getting to work with Radiohead’s producer Nigel Godrich. The soundtrack is out now on ABKCO. Once in a while we get asked how we were able to get away from agency work and attract small business and startup clients of our own. It’s a great question! And one that deserves a thoughtful answer since there are a few factors involved. These are the things that worked for us. You do you. But maybe there’s something in this pile of thoughts that will help you get to where you want to be:1. Change your gameBefore we started Knoed, Kyle and I worked at other companies for 6 years. At the start of our 7th year, we both left our jobs to freelance full-time in hopes of gaining our own direct clients. We let all of our contacts know we were available for projects, which was mostly agencies around town because that’s who we knew. We started out working as subcontractors for a few of them, but we had a rule that we never worked on-site nor did weekly or monthly contracts with them—only project-based work. Why? Because we both wanted to eventually have our own clients and we knew if we worked on-site for agencies or did time-based contracts, we would get sucked back into that world and never get the time needed to build our own client list.Even with those rules in place, 80% of our work was working on projects for agencies and 20% was for our own clients. How did we get that 20%? Slowly over time through word of mouth and our individual websites.We started out marketing ourselves as Independent Designers, but we couldn’t seem to get the phone to ring from small businesses as often as we wanted. During the year we freelanced, we would sometimes help each other out or brainstorm ideas together for our projects. It didn’t take long before we realized we made a great team.After many discussions, we decided to join forces—create a company, pitch new work together, collaborate on projects together and combine our portfolios. It was a big step! But we were committed. We thought up names, decided on Knoed Creative, created a website and combined our portfolios.On 1.11.11 we launched the site. Starting Knoed immediately altered how we were being perceived. We were now a company of two instead of two freelancers.What we didn’t anticipate was a complete 180º with who we attracted. Even though we were the same people, with the same experience and same portfolio, we were now being seen in a whole new light. Small businesses began knocking on our door and the agencies nearly disappeared. We learned that being a company of two people instead of one made the difference.We didn’t know this at the time, but we learned that small businesses can be leery of freelancers or solopreneurs because there’s a perception that they’re unstable, in between jobs or not serious about their careers. Some small businesses hire freelancers because they don’t want to spend a lot of money, and many freelancers fit their budgets. On the other hand, agencies love freelancers because they need people who can float around and take on odd jobs when things get too busy. But when you’re a company, you immediately gain more respect, more trust and more attention from small businesses. They feel more confident in your abilities and that you’re not going anywhere.Within the first year of starting Knoed, our stats flipped and 80% of our work was with our own clients and 20% was with agencies. Now, five years later, our work is 100% with our own clients.We’re not suggesting that every freelancer should start a company with others. But this was a game-changer for us. If what you’re currently doing isn’t working, try taking a different approach. Instead of going by your name, create a company name. But in our opinion, it’s important to be honest and transparent if it’s just you. If you say ‘we’ when it’s just you, then you’re creating an illusion that the client will see through on the first call with you, and doubt will set in with them. Trust is in a fragile state with new relationships and you don’t want to lose it before you get the chance to prove yourself.2. Find your niche and your “why”As graphic designers, we’re used to focusing on design and making our work as good as possible to stand out. But when it comes to building your business, you have to put your business hat on before you get to the design.Your website is your best marketing tool for people to find you or look you up. Consider who you’re targeting and what you’re saying. There’s a ton of freelancers, design firms and agencies out there all doing the same exact thing as you. What makes you different? Why are you in business? (Speaking of why, watch Simon Sinek’s TED talk to get you inspired on this very topic.) Know what type of clients or industries you’d like to attract so you can create a much more targeted strategy and know where to look for new business. Finding a niche can help build your name quickly and, hopefully, lead to more work.We love doing business strategy, creating visual identities, positioning, designing websites, printed collateral, copywriting and even packaging. We found that the best way to get our hands on all that stuff is to start at the beginning. We chose to focus on branding because we really enjoy designing companies from the ground up and we love working with people who are starting/building/creating things that we can get behind. We only show that type of work in our portfolio and we speak to that throughout our website to attract those types of clients and projects. Everything we say and everything we show is intentional, focused and follows our strategy.Something that sets us apart is that we’re two people. We embrace being small and use it as our differentiator and selling point. We’re bigger than a freelancer and smaller than a design firm. What you see in our portfolio is what you get—there’s no revolving door with designers coming in and out. When you call, we’re the ones answering the phone and working on the project so there’s never communication lost in translation. We give extremely personalized service and are so involved in the making of their company that our clients often become friends. And being just two people, it doesn’t take much to keep us busy, so we’re very selective about what and how much we work on to make sure every project gets the attention it deserves. This is our strategy and our differentiator, and none of it is made up just to sound good. It’s what we believe and it’s our why.3. Think like a marketing personTake a look at the the type of projects you’re showing in your portfolio. Is it the kind of work you want to be getting? Does it relate to the type of clients you hope to attract?If your portfolio is a showcase of work for big box stores or Fortune 100 companies and you want to be working with small businesses, startups and mom-n-pop shops, then there’s a disconnect happening. You should be showing the type of work you want to attract and work that represents the type of clients you hope to get.What people see is what they want. If a small business owner comes to your site, they want to see that you work on projects of a similar scope and for a similar clientele. If all they see is big brands you did at your old job, they might not be able to picture what you would do for them or they might think that they’re not ‘big enough’ to work with you.If you don’t have any examples to show that relate to the type of work/clients you want to get, then it’s time to start working on some. You can take any business that exists and redesign everything from the ground up. It doesn’t have to be a produced project—it can be conceptual. What’s great about this is, it’s all up to you! You don’t have to get approvals from the client—it’s purely your vision. What matters is that you’re doing work that’s representative of what you hope to get.If it’s important to you that it gets produced, then do some pro bono work for a company who could use a redesign—get them on board and involved from the start and let them be your guinea pig so you can start building the kind of portfolio you want. There are so many businesses who need help with design. Just make sure you find the right fit so that what you work on is what you want to be working on. Especially if you’re doing it for free.4. Hone your people skillsThis one seems like common sense, but there are a lot of people who lose projects or clients because of this. When you do start getting the type of clients and projects you want, treat them like gold. Sometimes we designers are great at being creative, but not the best at being organized or giving great customer service.For example, put time into the way you email. Be friendly. Be positive. Make jokes (when appropriate). Be responsive. Never wait more than 24 hours to respond to an email. Even if it’s a reply verifying that you received their email and will get back to them as soon as possible. Be thorough and organized. Part of your job is to take care of stuff they don’t have the time to take care of.It all matters when you’re in business for yourself, and clients care about all of it. If you treat them well, keep them in the loop, stay on schedule and deliver great work, you’re golden. That will lead to more projects with them, and they’ll tell everyone they know about you.5. Evaluate, re-evaluate and repeatWorking on the business side of design is a process, and one that is constantly evolving. We’re always thinking about our business and trying to improve our own processes. It’s necessary that you spend time thinking about how you can improve where you need to, come up with ways to solve these problems and implement those strategies one at a time. Use tools that will help you streamline your process and give the best client experience. At Knoed, we use the following apps to make our lives easier and give the best experience for our clients:If you do start incorporating some of these ideas into your business, have patience and be aware of any small changes that start to take effect. If things start heading in the right direction, then the changes you made are working. If not, try a different approach. This is what we’ve found works for us. If you have any tips or recommendations of your own, let us know in the comments below!Written by Kim Knoll, Co-Founder and Designer at Knoed Creative in Chicago.Subscribe to our mailing list or follow us on Instagram, Twitter or Facebook.Advice To Young Designers by Knoed CreativeStart With Why by Simon SinekHow To Become Exceptional At Your Craft by Ira Glass Analytics anyone can use.Data prep anyone can use.Analytics for organizations.Cloud analytics for organizations.Audience: This course is designed to provide you with the skills required to become a Tableau power user. The course is designed for the professional who has solid working experience with Tableau and wants to take it to the next level. You should have a deep understanding of all the fundamental concepts of building worksheets and dashboards, but may scratch your head when working with more complex issues.Duration: Depending on your particular class, it will either run 2.5 hours daily instruction for five days or 3 hours daily instruction over four days. We recommend planning for 30-60 minutes of homework after each session to work on the topics covered that day.Prerequisites: Tableau Desktop I: Fundamentals or equivalent experience.Learning Objectives: At the end of this class, you will be able to:Course Includes: This course includes a virtual course manual containing key concepts on each topic covered and hands-on activities to reinforce the skills and knowledge attained. It also includes a digital student resources folder containing Tableau workbooks and data sources to support the hands-on activities. Join me on a full day private tour to Diros Caves in a luxurious air-conditioned vehicle.Diros Caves are situated at Diros bay, a few kilometres south of Aeropolis. Diros is considered to be one of the most beautiful sea caves all over the world because it possesses a sensational, colorful mineral decor of compelling column shaped stalactites and stalagmites.Ideal for travelers coming to Kalamata by cruise ships for few hours.We pick you up from your hotel in Kalamata and we go straight to Diros Caves.Located at the top of the Mani between the town of Pirgos Dirou and Areopolis the entrance of Diros' Caves is a few meters above the sea level. When you enter the cave you walk down a stairway to an underground lake where there are boats waiting. You will be given a life-vest and then each boat gets a guide who uses poles to journey through the caverns and tunnels, which are eerily lit and adorned with stalactites and stalagmites, many with interesting names. You will pass through some sections just wide enough to allow your boat, where you have to duck your head and then enter into an enormous subterranean room where you can hear the voices of people on other boats in the distance.Hello, my name is Telia and I would like to be your compass for a day, in my hometown Kalamata. Kalamata belongs to the region of Peloponnese, we are right next to a big port and that make us have hospitality in our DNA. I work many years now, with visitors coming in Kalamata. I really love being around of people with different cultures and my goal is to make them enjoy and share my passion of all the beauties of my country. Full profile ⋅ Leave a ReviewReceive special offers, VIP invites and exclusive updates for Laconia. Thank you for using our patient online registration to update your medical history forms prior to your upcoming appointment in my cosmetic and laser office. We are pleased to offer this service as we endeavor to become a truly paperless and environmentally conscious office.Simply enter the code you were given by our staff (or received in a recent email) and set your password. If you only have a security code, please click the link that says “Use your Security Code to create one now” and follow the directions.You can then page through to fill out your medical history forms. This information is vital as we strive to provide excellent medical care for each of our patients; and we appreciate you taking the time to complete these forms. Click here to complete your online registration.Michelle B. Vessely, MD and staff Attorney Ben Muth joined Muth Law in 2012, and concentrates his practice exclusively in personal injury litigation, including auto accidents, premises liability, medical malpractice, and other serious injuries.Respected by colleagues for his thorough trial preparation and excellent legal writing, Ben himself considers his greatest strength in practice his ability to relate to clients. Ben knows that each case he handles affects the lives of real people, and has real consequences. He listens to his clients, counsels them through tough times, and represents them in court. Ben knows that clients can be hesitant to call an Attorney about their injury, but that when they do, he can provide information and insight that assuages those fears. A lawsuit is not always the best course of action, and Ben has counseled many individuals through their unique circumstances.Knowing who he's fighting for, and what it means to them to have someone in their corner, provides Ben with the motivation he needs to do the hard work of preparing for trial. Achieving a good outcome for his clients, and knowing the relief that brings them, is a source of great satisfaction for Ben.Ben works with clients in Washtenaw County and throughout Southeast Michigan. Please contact him to schedule a free, confidential consultation regarding your serious injury matter by phone at 734-481-8800 or via e-mail.Muth Law, P.C., provides legal guidance for clients across Michigan, including Ypsilanti, Ann Arbor, Detroit, Flint, Saginaw, Bay City, Port Huron, Monroe, Brighton, Lansing, East Lansing, Grand Rapids, Muskegon, Kalamazoo, Battle Creek, Jackson, Traverse City, Canton, Warren, Livonia, Adrian, Dearborn. The office also sees clients throughout Metro Detroit and the following counties: Wayne County, Washtenaw County, Oakland, Macomb County, Ingham County, Kent County, Calhoun County, Livingston County, Genesee County, Jackson County Hillsdale County and Monroe County. News Hub: LivingSocial Seeks $1 Billion IPOLivingSocial has selected bankers for an IPO that seeks to raise $1 billion and value the online coupon website between $10 billion and $15 billion. Gina Chon has details.This transcript has been automatically generated and may not be 100% accurate.... Boingo IPO in Hong Kong on the set ... explain what's happening with it ... right so what we need some o ... while Bank of America and JPMorgan ... I don't think that if I if this is to be the Leander at this event found they're looking to raise that ... the Fed a billion dollars and are valued between ten and fifteen billion from not far off from month to month valuation measures for minor for people living social coupon site he basically get e-mail from deals of the day and how they live in a big competitor to another when Grandpa the points that were seen a lot of competitors actually come into this market is that right yes ... they're a lot of copycat from that's one of the worries clip around this area where you know a lot of people are confused more competition could hurt its before competition fell in the main thing even how long they can stay in the market leader ... does the word bubble to come up come on on the deal that does although the on the mergers and acquisitions deals that's the time it is something we talked about how long digits I mean it's easy to launch valuation for something where competition is easy I could sum up a coupon site ... yet know exactly that their ears ... before we go home and I think that the barriers to entry are very low failure rate that is that I NDAQ but so far people are still believe that the valuation keep going higher and higher as though it remains the scene when that bubble up ... Gee think that they've seen the success of other IPO's like like Groupon's ... windowing Scemama sank off one easy to do that it's available but slightly late but still it was a huge walk in to fill it with cash share that now that's exactly right and has a snowball XL every time you know when it comes up where a comes up with an even higher valuations each time around so who knows where ... LivingSocial the one actually I'll be able to ... twenty billion twenty five you know ... that this point the finest of a leader in this category ... yet the Act but they are ... nights that BC ... tough competition in enterprise value to around twenty billion fell ten to fifteen from far off mountains ... into very interesting stuff up copy somebody ... the unthinking radius of the IPO I'm on right now is the absolute evil bankers we're making money when ... you're watching the trauma with a The responses of the sweetpotato crop to rotations with winter cover crops and conservational tillage (no till) were investigated in on-farm trials as well as at the experiment station. In addition, participatory adoption of cover crops was promoted and evaluated. Sweetpotato yields after winter cover crops and under conventional or conservational tillage were comparable and in some instances were superior to the conventional fallow treatment. Insect damage was similar among cover crops except for crimson clover which tended to be slightly higher at the research station. Participating farmers in Arkansas and Mississippi have gained knowledge on sustainable production systems and three growers in Mississippi have adopted winter cover crops. The information generated was presented and discussed with farmers through field days and presentations at grower’s meetings. Results were also presented at the National Sweetpotato Collaborators Group meeting and ASHS annual meetings.1. Evaluate sustainable ground management strategies to improve sweetpotato production in a sustainable production system. 2. Develop sweetpotato planting strategies including planting method and type of planting material to increase production efficiency and reduce costs. 3. Promote adoption of sustainable sweetpotato production systems through farmer participation in on-farm research and demonstrations trials, workshops and publications.The purpose of this project was to review and develop low-cost sustainable production strategies to facilitate adoption of sustainable practices in sweetpotato production. Many barriers to adoption of sustainable production systems have been reported in the southern region, but the fact that there was only one sustainable/organic sweetpotato farmer in Mississippi suggests little or no real incentive to adopt sustainable systems. Since production costs have risen due to increases in prices of inputs and oil, developing low-cost and effective sustainable production practices will be greatly welcomed by the agricultural community, especially small limited-resource farmers. This project was stakeholder driven and was developed with significant input from sweetpotato farmers in Mississippi and Arkansas. The Mississippi Sweetpotato Producer Advisory Committee meets once a year with Mississippi State University (MSU) personnel to communicate their concerns and suggests areas of investigation that would benefit them and the industry. Similarly, personnel at the University of Arkansas at Pine Bluff (UAPB) meet with limited-resource farmers in Arkansas twice a year. Among the main problems expressed by sweetpotato farmers in Mississippi are the lack of effective methods to control soil insect and nematodes, and high production costs. When asked about incorporating sustainable practices that may benefit their production systems, they indicated that “if they solve the problems inexpensively, they would take them in consideration”. In Arkansas, farmers indicated the absence of information on sweetpotato production technologies adapted to their needs. Similar to Mississippi, damage by soil insects is one of the main problems in Arkansas, but limited-resource farmers also indicated the high costs and lack of resources to invest in conventional technologies. Therefore, they expressed the need to develop reliable low-cost production practices adapted to the region. Sustainable sweetpotato production systems can be economically attractive when low-cost and efficient strategies are incorporated into the system. Integrating cover crops into a sweetpotato production system may improve soil fertility, reduce pest pressure and increase land use efficiency while reducing costs. Also, planting costs can be reduced by conservation tillage and by direct planting of root pieces/segments that would eliminate transplanting. To facilitate adoption, however, farmers need to experience a successful sustainable production system. Many pests can reduce quality and yield of sweetpotatoes. Insects and nematodes which damage the roots directly are the most troublesome. Control of these pests with chemicals is expensive and ineffective once the insect have reached the storage root below the soil surface. Conventional sweetpotato production is based on prophylactic use of pesticides against flying stages of insect pest, but for soil insects like sugarcane beetle (Eutheola humilis rugiceps) and wireworms (Coleoptera: Elateridae) sprays have proven ineffective. In Mississippi sugarcane beetle has become an important sweetpotato pest, particularly late in the season prior to harvest. Therefore, strategies to reduce pest incidence is needed. Many genera of plant-parasitic nematodes are associated with sweetpotato, but Meloidogyne (root-knot nematode) and Rotylenchulus (reniform nematode) have been associated with significant yield losses. Round to spindle swellings (galls) in fibrous root are the most evident symptoms of root-knot nematodes in sweetpotato. Longitudinal cracks similar to growth cracks are common on fleshy roots. Although reniform nematodes affect sweetpotato, the symptoms are not as obvious and can be confused with other pathogens. The use of soil pesticides such as Temik and K-PAM are recommended to manage nematodes, but in addition to environmental concerns they are expensive and unaffordable for most sweetpotato farmers. Therefore, low-cost sustainable management strategies designed to reduce nematode incidence will be welcomed by farmers. Cover crops are used in agronomic and horticultural cropping systems to reduce erosion, improve soil fertility, conserve soil moisture, and improve soil health in addition to other benefits. Deep rooted cover crops and high organic matter enhance soil biological activity and helps recycling soil nutrients, thus avoiding the potential for deep percolation. In addition, legume cover crops in their symbiotic association with Rhizobium species fix atmospheric nitrogen that is incorporated into the soil for use by the following crop. Therefore, production costs can be reduced by enhancing fertility and reducing or eliminating nitrogen fertilization. By improving soil health, cover crops can reduce pest incidence, hence, the incidence of sweetpotato soil pests and pesticide use can be reduced. Cover crops can provide nourishment to beneficial insects for subsequent crops or produce potent biocides that would impact soil pests. Studies have shown that the number of predaceous (beneficial) arthropods increases significantly when cultural tactics such as crop residues are not incorporated. In addition, Brassica cover crops can be used to suppress soil pests such as nematodes due to production of biocides such as glucosinolates. Some grasses can also be used as nematode suppressive crops. Therefore, cover crops may reduce pest incidence and pesticide use in sweetpotato which will increase yield, maximize profitability and promote environmental stewardship. Cost for conventional sweetpotato production is high leaving little room for error. Production starts with bedding seed roots to produce slips for field planting. This means that the farmer loses the opportunity to sell or has to buy seedstock to bed for slip production next year. Production of slips in beds requires bed preparation, in many cases under protected/heated structures, for roots to sprout early in the spring. When shoots have reached 12 in., slips are hand-cut for planting in the field which requires time and labor. Large scale operations use mechanized cutting and planting systems. At least 9 workers are necessary to operate a four-row transplanter. Therefore, bedding and planting sweetpotato slips not only shorten the growing season by 1 to 2 months limiting yield and profitability, but requires a great deal of investment in equipment, facilities, labor and inputs. Land preparation and fertilization are also costly. It includes multiple tillage events designed to leave a loose bed. Tillage events may include sub-soiling, disking, hilling, and then cultivation after planting. Fertilizer recommendations depend on soil tests, but high amounts of potassium are applied to sweetpotato. All these practices not only require equipment, energy and time, but increases erosion and soil degradation. Labor demands escalate as harvest begins. Roots are picked up by hand after the row is opened up by a digger or turning plow in some regions. Other areas use a semi-mechanical riding harvester manned by 8-10 workers who stand along a conveyor belt and pick the storage roots off the vines, sort, and place them into bins for curing and storage. In all, labor from bedding through harvest runs about 25-40% of total cost. Therefore, developing low-cost sustainable strategies to eliminate slip production and transplanting will reduce costs and increase crop profitability with a positive impact in the environment and the community. Direct field planting of propagules (root, root pieces and root segments) instead of transplanting slips is expected to reduce production costs incurred in labor, time, and energy. History indicates that planting storage root pieces is possible because sweetpotato crops were produced using root-pieces prior to the early 1900s. However, planting storage root pieces usually does not result in the development of new storage roots, but in an enlargement of the planted root piece which is not acceptable for fresh market. Although direct planting storage root pieces has been studied for some time to our knowledge pencil root segments have not been evaluated. Planting sweetpotato pencil root segments grown in the field could be accomplished at low cost for the farmer. Pencil roots (<15mm diameter) are long non-swollen roots originated from young thick or thin adventitious roots grown under conditions that are conducive to lignification of the stele. This type of propagule is limited in their capacity to enlarge and may favor development of storage roots from new adventitious roots. Therefore, developing a process to produce inexpensive propagules for direct field planting is easily justified by the potential economic benefit to the growers and the industry.This is a collaborative project between Mississippi State University and the University of Arkansas at Pine Bluff. On-farm research and demonstration trials were conducted in Mississippi and Arkansas at participating farms. The main research trial was conducted with a sustainable production system approach at the Pontotoc Ridge-Flatwoods Branch Experiment Station, Mississippi State University. Studies were conducted on Falkner silt loam (Fine-silty, siliceous, thermic Aquic Paledalfs) soils which is representative of soils in the Mississippi sweetpotato production area. An economic assessment to support the developing strategies was performed. Partial budgeting was used to assess the marginal benefit of the additional investment incurred when incorporating sustainable practices in sweetpotato production. Objective 1: Evaluate sustainable ground management strategies to improve sweetpotato production in a sustainable production system. Experiment 1- Selected winter cover crops along with a control fallow treatment were evaluated for 3 years on their effect on summer sweetpotato production. Winter cover crops were selected based on their potential advantages in suppressing nematodes and weeds, attracting beneficial insects, and on their role as source of N. Cover crops were wheat (Triticum aestivum), ryegrass (Lolium multiflorum), mustard (Sinapsis alba), radish (Raphanus sativus), rape (B. rapa), crimson clover (Trifolium incarnatum), and hairy vetch (Vicia villosa). Cover crops used in three on-farm trials were wheat, ryegrass, hairy vetch, crimson clover and radish. All cover crops were planted in the fall each year at recommended densities to optimize weed suppression and were incorporated 2-3 weeks prior to planting sweetpotato in the next spring. The experimental design was randomized complete block with cover crops as treatments (plots) and three or four replications depending on location. At the research station, cover crop plots were 18 by 18 m and six sweetpotato rows (6 m long and 1 m apart) were planted in the center of the plots. Alleys 12 m-wide were left between plots and disked two to three times in the season to keep it weed free. At the on-farm studies, cover crop plots were 30 by 30 m and all planted with sweetpotato after incorporation. The relatively large plot size and wide alleys were intended to isolate treatments and minimize movement of pest and beneficial arthropods among plots. Experiment 2- Selected cover crops (wheat, crimson clover, and hairy vetch) in combination with sweetpotato planting under conservational tillage (no till) were evaluated for 3 years to reduce the cost of land preparation which is associated with energy dependence. In this trial, cover crops were flail mowed 1-2 weeks prior to planting. A sweetpotato planter was modified to cut through the surface residue with a coulter and a shank followed by the planter that places the slips in the ground and closing it with lateral wheels. Cover crops were not fertilized, but sweetpotato was fertilized prior to planting based on recommendation by the soil tests. The experimental design was split plot with till/no till as the main treatments (plots) and cover crops as the secondary effect (subplots) with four replications. Evaluation- The effect of cover crops and/or conservational tillage on soil characteristics, beneficial and key pest insect species, and nematodes was evaluated during the trials. Cover crop biomass and changes in soil organic matter, CEC, pH, and nitrate were evaluated after incorporation. Sweetpotato nutritional status and growth were monitored also to determine the response to selected cover crops and reduced tillage. Sweetpotato yield and quality (USDA classification) was evaluated also to determine the responses to cover crops and conservational tillage. Beneficial insects including coccinellids (ladybird beetles) and carabids (ground beetles) as well as key sweetpotato pests including whitefringed beetles, cucumber beetles, click beetles, flea beetles, and lepidopteran insects were monitored with sweep-nets and sticky cards in the cover crops as well as in the sweetpotato crop to associate their incidence with specific cover crops. Ladybird beetle populations were visually counted to determine the number of adults per plant. Carabid beetles are usually nocturnal and abundant, so pitfall traps were used for monitoring carabid and other ground beetles. Oat traps were used to determine populations of wireworms. At harvest, 50 potatoes from each treatment and replicate were inspected for insect damage to associate the incidence with cover crop treatment. In addition, to evaluate effect of the cover crops on nematodes, soil samples were collected prior to the establishment of the cover crop and prior to sweetpotato planting and submitted to Mississippi State University for analysis and species identification. Objective 2. Develop sweetpotato planting strategies including planting method and type of planting material to increase production efficiency and reduce costs. Pencil root segments (4 to 6 inches) and small storage roots of no commercial value were evaluated as planting material and compared with conventional slip planting. Experiments were conducted at the Pontotoc Ridge-Flatwoods Experiment Station, Mississippi State University. Experiment 1- In 2009, small storage roots and pencil roots segments of Beauregard sweetpotato were stored overwinter under commercial conditions (60oF, 70%-80% RH) to determine storability of the propagation material. The quality of the planting material after winter storage was evaluated visually. Direct planting of pre-sprouted and non-sprouted (control) roots was conducted by hand at the same spacing as slip planting (1 m between row and 0.30 m within row spacing). Roots and root segments were placed 15 cm deep in the row. Emergence and sprouting after 4 weeks was determined. At harvest, the number and weight of new storage roots formed from the sprouts and old storage roots were evaluated. The experimental design was randomized complete block with planting material as treatments (plots) with three replications. Experiment 2- Planting depth of seed roots to inhibit growth of the old storage root and promote storage root initiation was investigated in 2011. As the seed root is placed deeper in the ground, it is expected an inhibition of growth. Two commercial varieties for fresh market (Beauregard, Evangeline) were used. Seed roots were planted at 5 and 2 inches deep (from the top of the root) on flat ground. Once roots sprouted and shoots were about 12 inches long, rows were hipped up to partially cover the base of the shoots and promote adventitious rooting. Actual planting depth was about 7 and 10 inches deep. At harvest, yield of old and new storage roots were evaluated. The experimental design was a split plot with planting depth as treatments (plots) and varieties as secondary effect (subplots) with four replications. Experiment 3- A variety trial was conducted to determine differences in the ability to reduce growth of the old seed root and suitability for direct planting. Two commercial varieties for fresh market (Beauregard and Covington) and two feedstock varieties (03-007 and 06-312) were used. Seed roots were planted at 2 inches deep in flat ground and the beds formed after as described above. Actual planting depth was about 6 inches deep. At harvest, number and weight of old and new storage roots and marketable yield were determined. The experimental design was a randomized complete block with varieties as the main treatment (plots) with four replications. Objective 3: Promote adoption of sustainable sweetpotato production systems through farmer participation in on-farm research and demonstrations trials, workshops and publications. On-farm research and demonstration trials were implemented (5 in MS and 4 in AR) to demonstrate and promote adoption of sustainable production practices. Field days, workshops, and presentations at grower’s meetings and professional associations were the venues to disseminate the information generated. On-farm research and demonstration trials were implemented also to applied sustainable strategies based on the participating farmer interests. – Penick farms in Vardaman, MS, Mr. Langston has a 100-acre organic sweetpotato production system in Chickasaw Co., MS. A one year cover crop trial with 5 species was conducted in the organic field. Then hairy vetch and sweet pea were adopted as winter cover crops. – Stephen Bailey manages a family operated 250-acre farm in Webster Co., MS. He tested and adopted a mixture of radish and hairy vetch cover crops to manage nematodes, soil fertility and tilth in his field. – Jamie Earp manages a 400 acre family farm in Chickasaw Co., MS. He assisted in the 3-year on-farm trial with five cover crops to increase soil organic matter. – Norman Clark manage 100 acres of sweetpotato in Calhoun Co., MS. Assited in the on-farm trial with five cover crops including Brassicas to suppress nematodes. – At Nature Son, William Reed manages a 30 acres organic vegetable farm in Lee Co. He began growing organic sweetpotato in the last two years. – Stephen Walker in Jefferson County, AR, incorporated cover crop to reduce pest incidence towards reducing the dependence on synthetic pesticide use. – Isiah Cline near Pine Bluff, AR is transitioning to organic farming and incorporated cover crops to improve soil fertility and reduce cost of sweetpotato down. – Shirley Bradley in Phillips County, AR, incorporated cover crops with the potential to reduce the dependence on synthetic pesticides and fertilizers. – Jimmie Edwards in Jefferson County, AR, incorporated cover crops to reduce production costs and with potential to reduce pest pressure and increase soil fertility.Objective 1: Evaluate sustainable ground management strategies to improve sweetpotato production in a sustainable production system. Experiment 1- Three years of on-farm and station trials with winter cover crops incorporated prior to sweetpotato planting were evaluated. Cover crops tested were legumes (crimson clover and hairy vetch), grasses (wheat and ryegrass) and Brassicas (radish, rape and mustard). Biomass production varied each year depending on time of planting in the fall. Cover crops planted early in the fall (Sept. 2010) resulted in biomass production of 4-6 ton/acre for legumes in comparison to late planting (Nov. 2009) which resulted in 1-2 ton/acre. Legumes, radish and rape produced consistently more biomass than weedy fallow. Among them, legumes and radish were the best biomass producers. Wheat and ryegrass biomass production was inconsistent: the same or larger than weedy fallow depending on location and year. Mustard produced the same biomass as weedy fallow in all situations/locations. There was a positive but inconsistent response in soil organic matter to cover crops. Total soil organic matter was the same among all cover crops and weedy fallow. Although organic matter appeared to have a slight positive response to vetch, radish and grasses in 2011, this was inconsistent and in year three differences were not detected. Therefore, total soil organic matter was maintained throughout the three years of this study suggesting that the amount of biomass incorporated was insufficient to increase soil organic matter. Similarly, soil pH and cation exchange capacity (CEC) were the same among cover crops and weedy fallow. There were differences in soil nitrate among cover crops and weedy fallow. The soil nitrate content in weedy fallow was similar among the years and ranged between 24 and 40 ppm. Soil nitrate were consistently reduced after wheat and ryegrass cover crops in comparison to weedy fallow. Soil nitrate after Brassica cover crops, however, was inconsistent: it was reduced, the same or increased depending on year and location. In contrast, soil nitrate after legume cover crops was the same in 2010, but increased in the second and third year (2011 and 2012) in comparison to weedy fallow. This is useful information for sustainability of sweetpotato since it requires 40 to 60 lb/acre nitrogen and legume cover crops may provide 60 to 150 lb/acre nitrogen depending on biomass production. Brassica cover crops were tested for their effect on nematode population at the station and at two on-farm studies. Root-knot nematodes were practically undetectable in all sites and years during the study. Reniform nematode populations at the research station and one on-farm study were not detected in 2010. In both sites, reniform populations increased by 2012 after three years of sweetpotato ranging between 0 and 300/pt soil. In the on-farm studies, reniform population was reduced only in the radish cover crop. At the research station, however, there were no differences among cover crops. In the second on-farm study, reniform nematode populations were high (500 to 3000/pt soil) and there were no differences among cover crops species. Sweetpotato yield was the same among cover crops in 2010 and 2011. Sweetpotato yield is classified in US No.1 (the most valuable category for fresh market) canners and jumbo (destined to processing). Total marketable yield corresponded to the total of the three categories. In 2010, US No.1 yield ranged between 150 and 230 bushel/acre, and marketable yield ranged between 250 and 350 bushel/acre. In 2011, US No.1 ranged between 200 and 350 bushel/acre, and marketable yield ranged between 350 and 500 bushel/acre. In both years US No.1 and total marketable yield were the same among cover crops and weedy fallow. In 2012, however, sweetpotato yield increased in the on-farm trial with radish (320 and 500 bushel/acre for US No.1 and marketable yield, respectively), ryegrass (380 and 580 bushel/acre for US No.1 and marketable yield, respectively) and wheat (385 and 590 bushel/acre for US No.1 and marketable yield, respectively) in comparison to weedy fallow (200 and 420 bushel/acre for US No.1 and marketable yield, respectively). At the research station, US No.1 yield ranged between 250 and 510 bushel/acre and marketable yield ranged between 360 and 700 bushel/acre. There were no differences among cover crops and weedy fallow. This suggests that adopting winter cover crops does not reduced sweetpotato yield the following summer, but may increase it in the long run. Pitfall traps. Arthropod densities varied within treatments at each location. At Pontotoc, cover crop had an impact on arthropod densities. Among the cover crops tested under tilled conditions, the mustard cover crop had fewer ground beetles, June beetles and parasitoids than most other covers, but had among the highest numbers of sweet potato flea beetles and ants. The wheat cover crop had low numbers of click beetles, sweet potato flea beetles and ground beetles. The ryegrass + rape cover crop had high numbers of sweet potato flea beetle and click beetles, but low numbers of spiders. The radish + vetch cover had few sweetpotato flea beetles, but had high numbers of June beetles. Fallow ground without any insecticide had high numbers of ground beetles, but low numbers of click beetles. In contrast, fallow with an insecticide had high numbers of spiders, but low numbers of ants. The crimson clover cover led to high numbers of ants and low numbers of June beetles. Parasitoids were more abundant following rape as a cover, and less abundant following hairy vetch as a cover. Of the insects monitored, the only group strongly impacted by a Daikon radish cover crop was ants, which were less abundant. At the Chickasaw County location1 (conventional field), densities of sweet potato flea beetle, click beetle, June beetles and ants were very low. The other arthropods were more abundant there were no differences among cover crops. At the Chickasaw County 2 location (organic field), different cover crops were grown during 2010 and 2011, so the years were analyzed independently. The cover crop made no difference on any insect during 2010. In 2011 the farmer planted half of the field to peas and half to hairy vetch. Evaluation of soil insects indicated that field peas supported the highest densities of carabids, parasitoids and ants. Insect Damage at harvest. Insect damage on sweetpotatoes at harvest at the Pontotoc location was combined over the three years except for white grub damage which was only present during 2012. The cover crop treatments were only significantly different in the abundance of large wireworm holes, with hairy vetch having more large holes than most other treatments. At the Chicksaw County 1 location, there was virtually no damage on any treatments during 2011 and 2012, so only 2010 data are reported. During 2010, the rape cover crop resulted in higher levels of Diabrotica and wireworm damage compared to the other treatments. However, insect damage was high in all treatments, so there was no significant difference in the percentage of potatoes without any damage. At the Chickasaw 2 location, there were significant differences among cover crops in all categories during both 2010 and 2011. In 2010, mustard was the best performer. In2011, hairy vetch had fewer large holes and higher proportion of undamaged storage roots. Experiment 2- Three years conservational tillage (no till) trials were conducted at the experiment station to evaluate the adaptability of sweetpotato to no till planting after winter cover crop and fallow. Cover crop biomass production was similar to conventional tillage and varied depending on cover crop and time of planting. Changes in organic matter, CEC and pH by conservational tillage were not detected in this study. Planting sweetpotato slips under no tillage conditions was achieved with a modified mechanical sweetpotato transplanter. A coulter and a sub-soiling shank were included to break the ground and open a slit which facilitated planting into the stale bed. This resulted in better plant stand and growth. In addition, access to planting in plots with conservational tillage was sooner than conventionally cultivated field, in particular after a heavy rain. Conservational tillage appears to have no detrimental effect on yield and yield classification. In 2010, sweetpotato yield was reduced under no tillage, except for hairy vetch, mainly due to poor plant stand. This yield reduction under no-tillage was not detected in 2011 and 2012. Two factors may have been involved in good plant stand: use of the modified no-till planter and soil moisture. Again in 2012, conservational tillage had no detrimental effect on yield. Our results suggest that cover crops and conservational tillage may help in soil conservation and improvement, and in reducing production costs without sacrificing yield. However, soil type and moisture at planting may play a role in the success of the conservational tillage system. Tillage system had an impact on insect population in the pitfall traps. There was an increase in populations of spiders in the no-till system. Click beetle increased in fallow and the mix of clover and ryegrass under no till. Ants were reduced in vetch and in the mix of clover and ryegrass both under no-till. Tillage impacted the proportion of storage root damaged by insect. There were fewer large holes which resulted in a greater percentage of potatoes without any insect damage. Objective 2. Develop sweetpotato planting strategies including planting method and type of planting material to increase production efficiency and reduce costs. Experiment 1- Direct planting of sweetpotato seed roots was investigated in Mississippi to reduce planting costs. Storability of small storage roots under commercial conditions (60oF, 70%-80% RH) was similar to marketable storage roots. In contrast, storability of pencil root segments was poor. Pencil roots segments were mostly dry (62%) and rotten (38%) suggesting that pencil roots require improved storage condition. In 2010, pre-sprouted and non-sprouted Beauregard seed roots and pencil root segments were hand planted in raised beds. Emergence of pencil root segments was poor (less than 5%). Emergence of pre-sprouted and non-sprouted seed roots was 95% and 55%, respectively. The average number of shoots was 6 to 8 shoots/root. New storage roots were initiated out of the adventitious roots emerged from the underground section of these shoots, but the old mother roots continued to grow as well. Therefore, old and new storage roots were harvested and evaluated. Yield of new and old storage roots from pre-sprouted root seed were 400 and 360 bushel/acre, respectively, and yield of non-sprouted root seed was 382 and 180 bushel/acre, respectively. This confirms previous studies recommending a pre-sprouting treatment of root for seed. However, the large yield of old overgrown mother roots with no commercial value may have been in detriment of new storage root yield. Experiment 2- In 2011 direct planting focused on planting depth in flat ground and covering the base of the shoots after emergence. Yield of old and new storage roots in Evangeline were not affected by planting depth and averaged 387 and 139 bushel/acre, respectively. In contrast, yield of Beauregard old roots planted at 7 and 10 inches deep was 534 and 246 bushel/acre, respectively. Therefore, planting seed roots deeper appears to reduce development of old mother plants. However, this effect was not reflected in increased yield of new roots. Planting in flat ground and later covering the base of the shoots with soil appears to have potential in direct planting seed roots. Experiment 3- A variety trial was conducted to determine suitability for direct planting. Storage roots were planted in flat ground and hipped after they sprouted to inhibit growth of the old root and promote development of new storage roots. There were differences in growth of old seed root among varieties and consequently suitability for direct planting. Yield of old seed root in Beauregard was similar to the marketable yield of new storage roots (346 and 318 bushel/acre, respectively) indicating that Beauregard is not suitable for direct planting. The old seed root of 03-007 also continue to grow but to a lesser extent than Beauregard. Yield of old seed root and new marketable storage roots were 223 and 572 bushel/acre, respectively. In contrast, old seed root growth of Covington and 06-312 was minimal to none with yield of 51 and 21 bushel/acre, respectively. Marketable yield for Covington and 06-312 was 269 and 489 bushel/acre, respectively. Therefore, Covington and 06-312 appear to be more suitable for direct planting. Objective 3: Promote adoption of sustainable sweetpotato production systems through farmer participation in on-farm research and demonstrations trials, workshops and publications. During this project, sustainable practices have been promoted in Mississippi and Arkansas through on-farm demonstration studies with cover crops, one to one discussion with participating growers and a workshop. On-farm research and demonstration trials were implemented to applied sustainable strategies based on the participating farmer interests. The on-farm studies and the participating farmers were available and received visitors interested in learning about their experiences. The outcome from the on-farm studies are: – Stephen Bailey has adopted a mixture of radish, ryegrass and hairy vetch cover crops to manage nematodes, soil fertility and tilth in his field for two years already. Mr. Bailey is innovative, well known among sweetpotato growers and has shared his experiences with other growers. It is expected that other growers would follow his initiative to adopt cover crops. – Jamie Earp has assisted in the on-farm trial with five cover crops for three years to increase soil organic matter. The effect on insect population and damage to roots were evaluated also in this on-farm trial. Mr. Earp is a former president of the MS aweetpotato Council and has shared his experiences with other farmers. – At Penick farms in Vardaman, MS, Mr. Langston assisted in the on-farm cover crops trial the first year. In the second year he tested and adopted hairy vetch and sweet pea in the 100-acre organic field to integrate cover crop rotations and improve soil fertility. Also, insect populations and damage to roots were compared with an adjacent conventional field. Penick Produce is one of the largest conventional sweetpotato producers and shippers in Mississippi and is well known for taking innovative approaches to improve sustainability in the industry. He has and always willing to share his experiences with growers. – Norman Clark is also a former president of the MS sweetpotato Council willing to share his experiences in production. The on-farm trial with five cover crops including Brassicas to suppress nematodes was conducted in his field because of the high nematode population. However the test with sweetpotato was not completed. – At Nature Son, William Reed has established a rotation with cover crops in his organic farm and 2 years ago he incorporated sweetpotato to the production system. The effect of organic management on insect damage was evaluated in this trial in 2013. – Stephen Walker (Jefferson County, AR) has adopted sustainable practices in his vegetable operation. He learned of the low incidence of insects, increased yield of crops after cover crops, and less fertilizer requirements. – Isiah Cline near Pine Bluff, AR is transitioning to organic farming and incorporated cover crops to improve soil fertility and reduce cost of sweetpotato down. – Shirley Bradley (Phillips County, AR) found minimal insect damage to sweetpotato roots and improved soil quality after cover crops. – Jimmie Edwards (Jefferson County, AR) incorporated cover crops to reduce production costs and with potential to reduce pest pressure and increase soil fertility. Participating farmers in Mississippi and Arkansas over these three years have gained knowledge on cover crops and sustainable production of sweetpotatoes. In Mississippi, two of the initial three participating farmers have continued planting cover crops in their fields. These represent an 80 acre conventional field and a 100 acre organic field. In Arkansas, farmers continued cover crops rotations on their own and have indicated that they will continue to share the practice with other farmers. One sustainability workshop and two field tours showcasing the on-station research trial were conducted. The workshop focused on cover crops and sustainable soil management in addition to pest and weed management. The field tour at the Pontotoc Ridge-Flatwoods Experiment Station showcased the cover crop and the conservational tillage trials. Similarly, two vegetable production workshops to discuss sustainable production systems were conducted. Two of the project’s contact farmers participated and shared their sustainable production experiences. In addition, results of the cover crop trials were presented and discussed with farmers at the Sustainable Agriculture Working Group (SAWG) meeting in Little Rock, AR in 2012 and 2013, every year at the Mississippi Sweetpotato Production Meeting in Pittsboro, MS, every year at the Mississippi Sweetpotato Producer Advisory Council (PAC) meeting in Verona, MS, and at the MS Fruit & Vegetable Growers/Agritourism Conference & Trade Show in Jackson, MS in 2012. In addition, results were presented every year to peers at the National Sweetpotato Collaborators Group meetings and at the ASHS meetings.Educational & Outreach ActivitiesMain, J.L., R.A. Arancibia and W.B. Evans. 2013. Cover Crops and Tillage Systems: Three Years of Impacts on Soil Characteristics and Sweetpotato Yield in North Mississippi ASHS Annual conference, July 22-25, Palm Desert, CA. Main, J.L., R.A. Arancibia and W.B. Evans. 2013. Cover Crops in Conventional Tillage System: Three Years of Impacts on Soil Characteristics and Sweetpotato Yield in North Mississippi. ASHS Annual conference, July 22-25, Palm Desert, CA. Main, J.L., X. Wang, L.B. Grelen, and R.A. Arancibia. 2013. Three years of winter cover crops effect on soil characteristics and sweetpotato production in North Mississippi. NSPCG/SR-ASHS annual meeting, February 2-3, Orlando, FL. Main,J.L. and R.A. Arancibia. 2013. Three years sweetpotato production with winter cover crops and stale beds in North Mississippi. NSPCG/SR-ASHS annual meeting, February 2-3, Orlando, FL. Main, J. and R.A. Arancibia, 2013. Cover Crops and Tillage Practices; Third Year Impacts on Soil Characteristics and Sweetpotato Yield in North Mississippi 22th SSAWG Conference, January 24-26, Little Rock, AR Main, J. and R.A. Arancibia, 2012. Winter Cover Crops Effect on Soil Characteristics and Sweetpotato Production in North Mississippi. NSPCG/SR-ASHS annual meeting, February 4-5, Birmingham, AL. HortScience 47:S41 Main, J. and R.A. Arancibia, 2012. Use of Stale Beds in North Mississippi Sweetpotato Production. NSPCG/SR-ASHS annual meeting, February 4-5, Birmingham, AL. HortScience 47:S42 Babu, A., F.R. Musser, J.T. Reed, R.A. Arancibia and J. Main, 2012. Evaluation of Cover Crops and Tillage Systems as IPM Components for Sustainable Sweetpotato Production Systems. NSPCG/SR-ASHS annual meeting, February 4-5, Birmingham, AL. HortScience 47:S42 Main, J.L. and R.A. Arancibia, 2012. Cover Crops and Tillage; Second Year Impacts on Soil Characteristics and Sweetpotato Yield in North Mississippi. 21th SSAWG Conference, January 18-21, Little Rock, AR Arancibia R.A. and J.L. Main 2011. First Year Cover Crops In Mississippi Increased Soil Organic Matter In Conventionally Managed Sweetpotato, but Had No Effect On Yield. HortScience 46(9):S364 Babu, A., F. Musser, J. Reed and R. Arancibia. 2011. Impact of cover crops on sweet potato insects. Entomol. Soc. of America annual meeting, Nov. 14, Reno, NV Main, J., R.A. Arancibia and M. Shankle. 2011. First year results of various cover crops on Mississippi sweet potato production. Annual meeting of the NSCG, January 22-23, 2011, Orange Beach, AL http://www.nscg.viazivitamu.org/This project has evaluated and generated information about the benefits of adopting sustainable practices adapted to the Southern region that are cost efficient and promote stewardship of the farm land. Three participating farmers in Mississippi (Bailey, Penick and Reed) have adopted winter/spring cover crops as part of their sweetpotato production system for two consecutive years. On-farm studies allowed farmers to experience and gain knowledge on cover crops and sustainable practices so they could take informed decision to adopt the practices. Two of the participating Mississippi growers are or have been members of the MS Sweetpotato Council and are well known among sweetpotato farmers who look up to them for innovative production practices. Therefore, it is expected that more farmers will learn about sustainable production practices in Mississippi. Information on conservational tillage and direct seed-root planting was generated. These technologies look promising in reducing production costs and would impact directly on the energy requirements and the environment. However, conservational tillage was not part of the on-farm studies. Conservational tillage may be more beneficial to the processing industry which has expanded significantly in the last two years because of the health attributes of sweetpotato. This technology may help in reducing the high production cost that still act as a barrier to further expansion. Although direct planting has the potential to reduce costs, developing suitable varieties for direct planting is essential. The major accomplishment of this project in Arkansas is that three, namely, Mr. Walker, Mr. Cline and Mr. Bradley (husband of the late Mrs. Bradley) have adopted the concept of sustainable production of sweetpotatoes using cover crops. They now clearly understand the benefits of cover crops in vegetable crop production systems. They understand and also shared their knowledge on the benefits of use of cover crops in their vegetable crop production systems. None grew sweetpotatoes before this project but have incorporated sweetpotato to their operation. The participating farmers are now experienced master trainers in the use of sustainable production methods. With the exception of the late Mrs. Edwards all of our contact farmers have expressed great satisfaction with the sustainable production system. This may be considered as 100% adoption rate. See attached letters from two the contact farmers.Cover crops: Yield of sweetpotato after cover crops was similar to the weedy fallow in the first 2 years, but increased with radish, ryegrass and wheat in the on-farm study in the third year. Therefore under the farmer conditions in the third year, the average net income (gross income minus costs) with these three cover crops increased by $870/acre in comparison to the weedy fallow. The average net return to the additional investment ($135/acre) of incorporating cover crops was 6.4 times for this year. Continuation of this type of trial and testing the effect on nematode populations would provide more information about their relationship with improved yield. No-till: A brief economic assessment of planting into stale beds indicated that only the two spring disk-harrows can be saved since fall ground preparation will still be needed for cover crops and bed formation. Each disk-harrowing cost $17.5/acre, so planting costs may be reduced by $35/acre. An additional advantage is the prompt access to the field to plant after a rain. Direct planting: The economic assessment of direct planting small seed roots should be taken with caution because the complications derived from the excessive growth of the mother root in detriment of the new marketable roots. Covington appeared to be more suitable than Beauregard, but the yield of marketable roots was reduced in comparison to yield from conventional slip planted crop and the assessment indicated that is not feasible. Therefore, potential for direct planting will require development of suitable high yielding varieties.The success of this project is determined by the number of growers that adopt the new technology. In Mississippi, two of the initial participating sweetpotato growers (R. Langston at Penick Produce and S. Bailey) have adopted winter cover crops in their production systems for two years now. In addition, Will Reed at Nature Son has already established a rotation program with winter cover crops in his organic vegetable farm. Now he has included sweetpotato to his production system. The third participating sweetpotato farmer liked the results, but is yet to adopt the practice. The major accomplishment of this project is that three, namely, Mr. Walker, Mr. Cline and Mr. Bradley (husband of the late Mrs. Bradley) have adopted the concept of sustainable production of sweetpotatoes using cover crops. They now clearly understand the benefits of cover crops in vegetable crop production systems. With the exception of the late Mrs. Edwards all of our contact farmers have expressed great satisfaction with the sustainable production system. This may be considered as 100% adoption rate. See attached letters from two the contact farmers.Areas needing additional studyThe use of Brassica cover crop to suppress nematode population and its effect on sweetpotato production still need further investigation. The land with high nematode population was rotated to other crop so the evaluation with sweetpotato was not completed. A long term sweetpotato study that includes rotation with Brassica cover crops in a heavily infested field is warranted. Similarly, studies to optimize nitrogen fertilization when using legume cover crops is needed to establish the economic feasibility for its adoption. Results of using conservational tillage indicate that is a promising technology to improve stewardship of the land and to reduce insect damage and cost. It had less insect damage than roots from conventionally tilled crop. Further studies are needed to adjust to different conditions and fertilization programs as well as to corroborate the reduced insect damage. Additional studies on direct planting with suitable varieties is warranted. Improving this technology may benefit directly the processing sector to be able to expand the market. Some highlights from medical industry projects including surgical capture, broadcast, clinical video, in-services, conference video, development, and internal/external marketing pieces.Arseneau Media Productions, Inc. is a full service video production company focused on the medical industry . Using techniques honed in broadcast journalism, I provide video content to hospitals and teaching institutions for marketing, training, education, and presentation purposes. Special skills in 4K surgical video capture, surgical broadcasting, imaging capture (endoscopy, fluoroscopy, ultrasound, x-ray, etc..). Operating Room clearance through RepTrax. Understanding of HIPAA, HITECH, Bloodborne Pathogens, Aseptic Technique & Infection Control, and Sterile Shooting Technique.Music by Derek Webb licensed throughThe Music Bed LLC.Medical Videos – Medical Video – Arseneau Media Productions, Inc. – Demo Reel #Medical #Videos[su_feed url=”https://www.medicalnewstoday.com/newsfeeds-rss” limit=”20″] M/coupons/tvg/ Latest TVG Discount Codes, Vouchers - December 2017 (5 days ago) Find the latest 33 TVG discount codes, promo codes, vouchers in December 2017.At each page, scan the page for a coupon bowling vouchers tamworth code or promotion code option.TVG Coupons - Save w/ December 2017 Coupon Codes Deals (9 days ago) m is your online gateway to your favorite horse racing channel.M TVG Promo Coupons Codes TVG Discount and Offers.Double Your Deposit Money Back Special - New.If you have any questions about using your coupons online, please contact m Customer Service.There are 20 m coupons available in December 2017.Get Double Your First Deposit Instantly Money Back Special if your horse finishes 2nd or 3rd.Valid for New Accounts.M/VIP/ 20/1 odds, ANY horse FOR breeders' CUP - TVG (11 days ago join now and get 20/1 guranteed odds up to 10 bet on any horse running in the 2017 Breeders' Cup Classic.Due to the abnormal access request from the IP address you used, we need your help to verify that you are human.View 20 more; This item has been hidden.M/coupons/tvg 100 Off TVG Coupon Code.Step 2: Go through the m checkout process.M/coupons/tvg TVG Promo Codes - Get 100 free w code bonusseeker (6 days ago) TVG Review, discount tire englewood Bonus Codes, and Promo Codes.V_vQbbOEjdA8 TVG Discount Codes Deals - m (4 days ago) at TVG.M/coupon-code/TVG TVG Coupons - Goodshop - Goodsearch - Search, coupons.M/tvg-bonus TVG Promo Code Coupon Code (8 days ago) Find exclusive TVG Promo Code with 150 Sign Up Bonus here.CouponVario found the latest and largest collection of m coupons, promo codes and deals m m Coupons Promo Codes December 2017 (9 days ago) m coupons and promo codes for December 2017.Confirm that you are buying what you want, and that it fulfills any requirements to qualify for the TVG promotion code you want to use.Visit our Offers Pages and Get Your Deposit Bonus!To provide you a better service and protect the security of our website, we will check all the access requests. Gilman, IL - Super 8 GilmanAddress: 1301 S. Crescent St. Phone: 815-265-7000Location/ Directions: From I-57, Exit 283, then East 2 blocks.Average Price (Checked Oct 2011): $48.00 AAA Rated: YES Stars: **2**About Hotel: 2-Floors, -Rooms, Interior Corridors, Free Continental Breakfast, Free High Speed Internet, Pets Allowed, Truck/Bus Parking, Guest Laundry, Olympic Size Spa, 24 Hour Desk, All Queen & King Beds, Alarm Clock Radios, Extended Cable w/Free HBO, Hairdryer, Iron / Board Available, Micro-fridge.Railroad View: Excellent View! Get a room on the west side (front) of the motel for a railroad view. 2nd floor rooms will be best to keep you above the parking lot and traffic on the local road. A grade crossing across from the motel on US-24 will provide warning of passing trains as they blow their horns. Don't worry, the sound of the horns is not loud as other motels listed on this website, its possible to achieve a good nights sleep in this motel.Railroads past Hotel: Canadian National (CNIC, former Illinois Central mainline) / Amtrak (about 6 trains daily). You can expect around 15-20 trains during a 24-hour period on the mainline. In the distance, you can view the CN line to Gibson City. This secondary line sees a couple of CN locals, plus CN coal & grain extras. Norfolk Southern also runs up to 3 trains per day on this line using trackage rights. During my short stay, I saw two Norfolk Southern trains use this line.Photo Comment: Above: A southbound CN freight has a Metra F40 in tow. Morning sunlight from the motel rooms provide excellent lighting for photographs of passing trains. Above Left: Take with a zoom lens, a Norfolk Southern Auto-Rack & Auto-Parts train can be seen across a corn field on the Gibson City (IL) CN Line. There are not many trains on this secondary line. Left: CN 2457, a former LMS blue leasing engine is now part of CN's roster. With a zoom lens, its possible to shoot decent photographs of the passing trains. During my overnight visit, I saw several non-CN painted locomotives pass through, including a few BC Rail units, Grand Trunk, and a IC black engine. To the right side of this blue engine is the Gilman Amtrak station platform. The short platform is accompanied by a "bus-stop" style shelter, no train station building at this location. Its also a nice place to watch & photograph the trains in the afternoon sunlight.Photo Comment: Above: Looking west from room # 203, a Auto-Rack train passes through Gilman. This photo captures most of the railroad view from this motel. Above Left: Amtrak's City of New Orleans flies through Gilman around 7:00am. The City of New Orleans is the only Superliner equipped trains on this line. The 4 other daily Amtrak trains on this line use Amfleet / Horizon single level cars. Most Amtrak trains through Gilman can be seen during daylight hours.Left: A nighttime photo taken from room # 203 give you an idea of the amount of light during the night. Its easy to see passing trains during the night, folks that like to video passing trains from the motel should be satisfied. Gilman is a very small town, most of these businesses (including the motel) survive due to the exit off I-57 (US-24, Exit # 283), gas stations, restaurants, and a few motels and the Amtrak stop populate this short strip of US-24.Walking Distance from Gilman, IL Amtrak Station. “Emotiva has long impressed us with their amplifiers but the launch of the XMC-1 7.2 channel processor had us take note of this watershed product. Sonic performance was simply excellent—including outstanding reference sound in two-channel stereo mode, something that multichannel preamps are not known for. While the XMC-1 doesn’t give you Dolby Atmos or DTS:X, the inclusion of Dirac LE (with a paid upgrade to Dirac Full) for room correction; a ridiculously low noise floor; eight HDMI with 4K/60Hz; and a forthcoming free upgrade to HDCP 2.2 make this a compelling offering. The XMC-1’s price point is all Emotiva: an superb value.”The post Audioholics awards the XMC-1 as the best Multichannel Preamp-Processor of 2015 appeared first on Emotiva Audio Corporation. I resigned from my position as a member of a legal department (within a small local corporation) about 6 months ago. Part of my reason for resigning was that my ex-boss was extremely unprofessional and abusive. His actions and maltreatment of coworkers and direct reports have earned him a bad reputation within the company.Since that time, my ex-boss has continuously told my former co-workers what a "bad" employee I was and how I incorrectly handled my work. I have a network of former colleagues who have kept me up to date about his ranting statements. While his comments are solely directed at members of my former group and not to others in the company, I still am concerned about my reputation and what he can do to me. Now I heard that he has requested that all of my old emails be restored and he is spending hours upon hours going through my emails, looking for things that I deleted and emails where either myself or my former colleagues may have made comments about him. These comments may have been jokes or snide remarks about excessive absence, cleanliness, lack of kindness, etc.Should I be worried that my old emails could be used to bring a lawsuit against my coworkers or myself? How do I best protect myself from the malicious statements that are being made about my professional reputation?1 Answer from AttorneysNothing you described seems even remotely likely to culminate into a law suit. Based on your narrative it seems the only cause of action would be some kind of defamation, which would be hard to prove and the damages are likely non-existent.No one has a crystal ball, but I highly doubt you have anything to worry about and there is not much you could do now in any event until some action is taken on the part of the other party.If you would like to discuss further over a free phone consult, feel free to contact me anytime that is convenient.DISCLAIMER: this is not intended to be specific legal advice and should not be relied upon as such. No attorney-client relationship is formed on the basis of this posting. Back in May 2016, Finola suffered a brain haemorrhage and after surgery and fabulous care at the Queen Elizabeth Hospital, she was very fortunate to make a great recovery. That was until May 2017 when she experienced a seizure followed by another in July and has been on mediation since then but has been doing well. So well in fact that on the 2nd of June Finola and a group of friends took on the 100-mile stroll of the West Highland Way over the course of 6 days in aid of the Brain Rehabilitation Trust (BIRT).Finola said: “It was hard going at times. We were very lucky with the weather as it was glorious, the views were stunning, and a breeze was welcome on some of the hard climbs. I feel delighted to have completed the challenge and very thankful to have been able to do so. And a great bonus to have raised over £1000 for the charity!"If you would like to donate to Finola’s page please visit: https://www.justgiving.com/fundraising/finola-mcgeochFor more information: looking for 2 tickets and a parking pass for the Coastal Carolina game. Need the parking pass more than the tickets.Please PM if you have any for sell.- Who is online- In total there are 17 users online :: 0 registered, 0 hidden and 17 guestsMost users ever online was 1049 on Sun Apr 23, 2017 11:01 amUsers browsing this forum: No registered users and 17 guests Boomkat Product Review:Yesyesyes!!! First ever reissue of Xaõ Seffcheque’s new wave bullet, Du Und Ich, backed with two further freaks from his Ja - Nein - Vielleicht (1981) LP, courtesy of Rivet’s Kess label.You may know Du Und Ich already, or have heard it in mixes by the likes of Powell and Traxx, but arguably never cut quite so well as on this plate, where it’s given a full side at 45rpm to itself, restored from original tapes to become one of the biggest, strangest bangers in your new wave box.Likewise, the B-side’s cavalcade of drums and plinky synth skronk is a proper ‘floor freaker, sorta like DAF meets Yello at some NDW ritual, and Eine Nacht In Deutschland gets loose ’n wild with orgiastic glossolalia and rampant, motorik synth noise.They may have been recorded in Graz, Austria, 1981 but sound like they’re from a dancefloor in a parallel dimension.Bonkers and strongly recommended! Want fat pussy get big booty girls & fat ass women in sex videos on youporn chubby models with huge tits love to swallow visit youporncom, the fat tube. What are the most offensive fat people jokes we've done the research and have the fat people gags that should make you weep rather than lol. I mean fat people who are content being fan and choose to do nothing about it i saw these two obese whales sit in a table near me and they both had. The best fat people fucking porn videos can be watched for free on youporncom visit our porno tube today and see the hottest fat people fucking sex movies. The hoots and hollers were cringe-inducing as the television comedian's fat joke landed to wild applause it was strange how the audience erupted as if they'd heard. Use the following search parameters to narrow your results: subreddit:subreddit find submissions in subreddit author:username find submissions by username. Julia stephenson is sick of being squashed by fat people sitting next to her when she flies she believes that the obese should pay more for flights as they weigh.Leave a like for these fat people fails & the fattest people ever worlds top 5 fattest people (fat & obese people compilation) comment if you agree this. Pictured: me, fat and looking hot i'm one of those morbidly obese people that you hate i'm going to answer your question, but more because i want other fat people. Watch free fat people having sex videos at heavy-r, a completely free porn tube offering the world's most hardcore porn videos new videos about fat people having sex. Some people have two daughters, and they have a hard time choosing their favorite one my case is slightly different, not just because i have two stepdaughters, but.I’m a fat woman i’m a fat woman who has had lots and lots of awesome sex almost exclusively with partners much smaller than myself when i met my current partner. Prejudice toward the obese comes from ignorance learning about our big fat problem may be the only way to solve it in our society and ourselves. What we've all wanted to say to fat people jump to sections of this page.Find gifs with the latest and newest hashtags search, discover and share your favorite fat people gifs the best gifs are on giphy. Clever artist draws whatever his followers ask him, and the result is genius - duration: 5:45 scoop 620,869 views. Describes the prevalence of overweight and obesity among adults in the united states by providing statistics.Xnxxcom fat videos, free sex videos milf layla gives a fat man with a small dick the best fucking he has ever had. A few months ago, reddit made news because it banned a 150,000-strong group dedicated to tracking down and harassing fat people (don't worry, several fat-hating.Watch free fat people fucking videos at heavy-r, a completely free porn tube offering the world's most hardcore porn videos new videos about fat people fucking added. Fat people pictures obesity is a medical condition in which there is too much fat in the body this leads to the extra fat getting deposited around the waist line.Even when they’re able to do the job competently, obese people routinely face discrimination in the workplace while discrimination against employees because of. Obesity is a medical condition in which excess body fat has accumulated to the extent that it may have a negative effect on health people are generally considered. Fat people are less intelligent than people with a normal weight, a provocative study claims overweight men and women have less grey and white matter in key areas of. Contest directions: it's time for a round of fat people photoshop overweight celebrities and fat people from around the world julianne moore may use some fattening. Fat people makes us stick out often, we are of them laugh fat people often find themselves in ridiculous situations let's look at these funny pictures of fat. |Home||» Products||» Microtoms||» microtome|We are an eminent name in the market as a leading manufacturer and exporter of high quality range of Histopathology Laboratory Instruments. These are highly praised due to their accurate performance. Available in diverse models, these are used in the study of tissues, especially their microscopic anatomy. These are often used together in biology and medical laboratories. In addition, these Histopathology Laboratory Instruments are manufactured at our technically sound production unit using supreme quality materials under the observation of our team. What is an EIN?The EIN is short for Employer Identification Number and is the same thing as the FEIN or Federal Employer Identification Number. This is a unique 9 digit number that identifies business entities.What is an EIN used for?- Open a bank account – Banks need an EIN (or SSN if the EIN isn’t needed) before opening a business bank account.- Apply for business licenses & permits – Most business licenses and permits will require the EIN (or SSN) before granting one.- Filing tax returns – To file state and federal tax returns, the EIN is used to identify the business.- Hiring employees – The EIN is the account number for the business to track employment taxes like payroll taxes, income tax withholdings, and unemployment.Do I Need an EIN?Not all businesses need an EIN! Only businesses that have employees operate as a partnership, corporation or Limited Liability Company (LLC) taxed as a corporation will need to get one. So as a sole proprietorship or a single-member LLC that don’t have employees, you may not be required to get one. In this instance, the business is identified by the owner’s Social Security Number (SSN).How Much Does an EIN Cost?Even though there are several companies that will charge you for an EIN, there is actually no cost to file for an EIN with the Internal Revenue Service (IRS). It’s pretty easy to do.Applying for An EINThe easiest and fastest way to apply for an EIN is to visit the IRS site, between the hours of 7 am – 10 pm EST, Monday – Friday. It takes about 5 minutes to file and you will have a number within seconds. If applying online isn’t an option, you can apply by mail or fax by sending the SS-4 form. You can even get an EIN over the phone. If filing by phone, note that it isn’t a toll-free number.Here is an instructional video on how to apply for an EIN.What Information Do I Need To Get a Tax Identification Number?Applying for an EIN is pretty straightforward, but you will need to obtain some information beforehand, such as:- Business address- Name of the principal officer, manager or owner- If an LLC, the number of members- Type of business and primary activity- Date the business was started or acquired- Closing month of the entity’s accounting year- Number of employees expected to be hired- Contact informationWhat’s the difference between a Tax ID Number and an EIN?We get a lot of questions from people who get confused between the EIN and tax ID number/state sales tax registration. A business may need one or both depending on their business entity, their state requirements and what is being sold. The EIN is a number that is used to identify a business. As we saw earlier, some businesses need one, while others don’t. The tax ID number is usually a state requirement for businesses with employees or those that sell products. Oftentimes, this tax number is provided by the state’s Department of Revenue (or similar office). Each state is different, so be sure to check out our guide to starting a business in your state and see Step 5.The EIN also doesn’t allow you to buy products at wholesale either. The ability to do so is through the Department of Revenue by applying for the state sales tax registration (sometimes called a resale certificate). In states that charge sales tax, the end-user of a product is the one who pays for the sales tax, not the people in between. The retailer charges sales tax to the customer and typically at the end of the month pays the state the amount of sales tax collected.The EIN is also different than a business license. Many states don’t require a business license but are sure to check our guide to starting a business and see Step 5.Do I need a new EIN for each business?Each business should have its own EIN, but sole proprietors may only have one EIN, regardless of the number of businesses they own.Does an LLC need an EIN?Sometimes. Single-member LLCs that are registered as a disregarded entity will use the owner’s Social Security Number unless the business hires employees. LLCs set up to be taxed as a partnership or corporation will need an EIN. Green eyse infrared contact lensesHello, my friend. Do you know marked cards contact lenses, poker scanner system?Unlike poker winner predictor system, marked cards contact lenses, it's the most convenient to operate.Are you still worried about changing your eyes' color when you wear the special luminous contact lenses for seeing marked deck cards poker?Yes, for many years, the green eyes' players can not wear the luminous contact lenses. For normal infrared contact lenses in the market are only suitable for dark and brown eyes. When the green eyes players wear the normal contact lenses, their eyes will became black color.Now we have really good news!The people with green eyes can also wear the special poker contact lenses (IR invisible ink contact lenses or UV invisible ink contact lenses) too. These green eyes luminous ink contact lenses will not change your eyes' color any more. Of course, this infrared contact lenses for green eyes is also suitable for any color of eyes, blue eyes, for dark eyes, dark brown eyes and also for light brown eyes.1, Best quality marked cards contact lenses for green eyes (without change your eyes' color)By adopting sandwich technology, these invisible contact lenses do not have any side effects on players' eyes. With the Sophisticated laser dyeing technology, Golden sunshine has already solved the problem of eyes automatically focus when the customers wear the small dyed circle contact lenses under different light. We also have the marked cards glasses that see through playing cards.The newest luminous contact lenses for blue eyes will not change your eyes' color and can see the marks very clearly under any light. When you wear these green eyes luminous contact lenses, you will not feel uncomfortable.Good quality poker contact lenses also need to work with best marked deck cards, to get a perfect result.2, Standard quality marked cards contact lenses for green eyes (Without change your eyes' color)Relatively, we also have another kind of cheaper contact lenses. These contact lenses are also suitable for green eyes and will not change eyes’ color. With not comparability low technology, this kind of luminous contact lenses has some defects. These contact lenses will have the defects of pupil’s automatically change under different lights. Customers can see the marks with these contact lenses but some customers do not feel so comfortable. But some customers feel good.3, Cheap marked cards contact lenses (change your eyes' color)If you do not want to afford so much, to buy a pair of high quality contact lenses, you can choose the normal cheapest contact lenses. The cheapest luminous contact lenses will change your eyes from green to dark. If you do not care about change the color of your eyes, you can use this kind of cheapest contact lenses. Anyway, with these contact lenses, you can see the marks very clearly. You can just use the normal sunglasses to cover these defects.Half to one year guaranty will be offered.If you want to know more or still any doubt, please send Email to us. We will reply you as soon as possible.Related words: invisible ink pen contact lenses, how to see invisible ink with infrared contact lenses, invisible ink and contact lenses, luminous invisible ink, invisible ink glassesMobile Number (WhatsApp): 0086 15099951380 Daily Court Reporter - News Foreclosure action wrongly dismissedForeclosure action wrongly dismissedKEITH ARNOLD, Daily Reporter Staff WriterA Franklin County Common Pleas judge incorrectly dismissed a Seattle-based bank's foreclosure action against a university-area homeowner, a 10th District Court of Appeals panel ruled last week.This article is restricted per publishing limits. Soon we will offer the ability to buy the ability to read this content.Date Published: April 17, 2008 Nokia Music Store had just gone live this week. People in the UK, who use Windows and Internet Explorer will be able to use it. I wonder why it works on Internet Explorer and not on Firefox. I hope the Music Store team will have this rectified soon.I have to recommend you to watch this clip below to get an better taste of what the music store looks like on a mobile phone. This is the work of James at Nokia Creative: A 30-year travel industry veteran long noted for her expertise in bespoke luxury cruise and cruise charter travel, Judy Perl began her career in the world of cruising at Cunard Line in New York City. After 18 enjoyable years of directing group and charter sales at corporate cruise lines, she created Judy Perl Cruises LLC, which she re-branded Judy Perl Worldwide Travel in 2013 in recognition of the company’s expansion in land programs as well as cruises. The company's core purpose is to enrich lives by curating and executing high quality travel experiences and providing dedicated customer service. Programs include a diverse range of land and sea travel options including Playbill's "Broadway on the High Seas" series, a concept created by Judy Perl in 2011.Our goal is to be your global cruise travel resource and to create the perfect cruise program for you. Our staff is rich in experience and skills and will provide you with as much or as little hands-on program management as you desire. Friday, April 11, 2014Mansfield Park - What is the Matter with Fanny?Posted by JaneGSSince 2014 marks the 200th anniversary of the publication of Jane Austen's most controversial novel, Mansfield Park, I decided to reread it. Of all the novels, I think I've reread it fewer than any of the others, though I'm probably into the double-digits by now with this one as well.Usually I say that it's my least favorite Austen novel until I'm actually reading it, and then I'm struck by the wit, the structure, the flawless composition, the characterization and deft turns of phrase and then say how much I like it. This time I listened to a recording, and while it's often noted that Austen's works shine when read aloud, I found that I was less able to appreciate all its positive attributes because I was focusing on how aggravating Fanny, Edmund, and Mary can be.The reader did a fine job in representing Mary as a heartless flirt and Edmund as a hopeless drip and Fanny as a passive-aggressive whiner, so good a job in fact that I couldn't really enjoy the story all that much. I think my internal reading voice has been cutting all three of them a tremendous amount of slack over the years!I still found Henry Crawford deliciously, dangerously attractive, and like Mary, I wish that Fanny had accepted him before that nasty Maria could seduce him into throwing his happiness away with both hands.I'm actually thinking the character I like best in the book is William Price, Fanny's brother. He and Susan, her sister, have the most spunk of any of the characters.So what is the problem with Fanny? My current feeling is that she is too much like those heroines of the 18th century novel--the delicate, fainting, moralizing creatures that Fanny Burney and Maria Edgeworth, et al, wrote about. They may be good girls but stuff happens to them--they don't make stuff happen. I think Fanny is in this category and her story is just not all that interesting, despite Austen's tremendous storytelling and writing abilities.For your reading pleasure, here's a link to a short story in my Austen-inspired collection Intimations of Austen, that I was thinking about whilst reading Mansfield Park again: The Three SistersI'm so glad that Emma is the next book whose anniversary we get to celebrate. Now there is a heroine who sets things in motion! Leaders to speak about importance of Fair Tax for social justice, deliver letter Insisting an end to IPI’s “misinformation campaign” against the Fair TaxSPRINGFIELD, April 8, 2014 – Hundreds of religious leaders from around the state will march on the offices of the Illinois Policy Institute (IPI) in Springfield beginning today at noon at the Lincoln statue at the Capitol building. The group will call on the organization – funded by the wealthiest corporate special interests in America – to stop their false attacks on a Fair Tax, and to let the citizens of Illinois make the decision for themselves about a Fair Tax on the November ballot.Documents exposed in a December news report revealed that the Illinois Policy Institute has been serving as a conduit for the national State Policy Network, a group financed by America’s wealthiest corporate interests, including billionaires David and Charles Koch. The documents revealed funding to IPI from the group as earmarked for the purpose of making a Fair Tax “politically toxic” to Illinois voters.The Illinois Policy Institute is responsible for many false attacks on the Fair Tax, including claims it would raise taxes on low- and middle-income families—claims which have been thoroughly debunked. The truth is that a Fair Tax – implemented with a rate structure proposed by the Fair Tax Act’s chief sponsor, Sen. Don Harmon – would cut taxes for 94% of Illinois residents, including everyone making up to $205,000.In February, more than 100 religious & faith leaders gathered in Chicago to call for a Fair Tax, with lower rates for lower incomes and higher rates for higher incomes. They believe the Fair Tax is important because it gives tax relief to vast majority of families while also preventing devastating cuts to important public priorities, which would have an especially harmful effect on Illinois’ most vulnerable citizens. Today, in addition to demanding accountability from the Illinois Policy Institute, faith leaders will be visiting their elected officials in Springfield to urge them, among other issues, to pass the Fair Tax Act before the May 4th deadline.***Interested media please RSVP to firstname.lastname@example.org***Who: Hundreds of faith leaders from various denominations across the state gathered in SpringfieldWhat: March to Illinois Policy Institute office by 500+ faith leaders, including speaking program and delivery of letter demanding IPI cease its misinformation campaign against a Fair TaxDate & Time: April 8, 2014. 12 PM.Where: Lincoln Statue at the Capitol to the office of the Illinois Policy Institute, 802 S 2nd Street, SpringfieldVisuals: Signs, banners, 500+ religious leaders gathered from across IllinoisCommunity Renewal works to achieve its vision of a just community where racism and poverty no longer limit people’s full participation in society by working with powerful faith-based organizing and policy programs and by publishing two highly regarded investigative journals on matters of social justice. Through these pioneering efforts, Community Renewal Society moves civic and religious leaders to take action on issues of racism and poverty. For more information visit www.communityrenewalsociety.org The market Study is putting a lot of emphasis on macro-economic issues, influencing factors and key market trends and drivers gearing up and are changing the dynamics of Global Android POS market.Access Sample Copy @: https://www.htfmarketreport.com/sample-report/984044-android-pos-marketThe Global Android POS Market research study is designed especially for business strategists, industry executives, marketing, sales and product managers & consultants highlighting the value drivers that may provides a competitive advantage to a business, giving an upper hand in the industry. What differentiation strategist should bring in its product or services understanding the competitors move and consumer behavior to make it more appealing? The report offers a measurable and verifiable method with in-depth analysis of market concentration, new entrants and the technological advancement and market trends in future. Some of the key vendors driving the market are Fujian Centerm, PAX Technology, Xinguodu, Smartpeak, Newland Payment, Clover Network, Zall Fintech, SZZT Electronics, Sunmi, Justtide, Ingenico, NEWPOS, Wintec & Hisense.Buy this research report @ https://www.htfmarketreport.com/buy-now?format=1&report=984044Further to get in-depth view of Market competitive landscape and Size, The Global Android POS market study is segmented by Application/ end users [Retail, Restaurant, Hospitality & Other], products type [Portable POS & Desktop POS]. Geographically, this report study is segmented into several key Regions such as North America (United States, Canada and Mexico), Europe (Germany, UK, France, Italy, Russia and Turkey etc.), Asia-Pacific (China, Japan, Korea, India, Australia and Southeast Asia (Indonesia, Thailand, Philippines, Malaysia and Vietnam)), South America (Brazil etc.) & Middle East and Africa (North Africa and GCC Countries) with revenue, value drivers and growth rate of Android POS to achieve a competitive edge, value proposition and market dominance in lucrative regions across the globe.Some of the key questions answered in this report:– Detailed Overview of Android POS market will help deliver clients and businesses making strategies.– Influencing factors that thriving demand and latest trend running in the market– What is the market concentration? Is it fragmented or highly concentrated?– What trends, challenges and barriers will impact the development and sizing of Global Android POS market– SWOT Analysis of each defined key players along with its profile and Porter’s five forces tool mechanism to compliment the same.– What growth momentum or acceleration market carries during the forecast period?– Which region may tap highest market share in coming era?– Which application/end-user category or Product Type may seek incremental growth prospects?– What would be the market share of key countries like United States, France, Germany, UK, China, and Australia & Japan etc.?– What focused approach and constraints are holding the Android POS market tight?Make Inquiry before purchase @ https://www.htfmarketreport.com/enquiry-before-buy/984044-android-pos-marketChapter 1 is related to Executive summary to describe Definition, Specifications and Classification of Global Android POS market, Applications such as Retail, Restaurant, Hospitality & Other, Market Segment by Regions;Chapter 2, about objective of the report.Chapter 3, to display Research Methodology used for the report, Comprehensive analysis, using market research tools such as Porter’s and SWOT analysisChapter 4 , to show the Overall Market Analysis, segmentation analysis, characteristics;Chapter 5, 6 and 7, to show the Market size, share and forecast; Five forces analysis (bargaining Power of buyers/suppliers), Threats to new entrants and market condition;Chapter 8 and 9, to show analysis by regional segmentation North America (United States, Canada and Mexico), Europe (Germany, UK, France, Italy, Russia and Turkey etc.), Asia-Pacific (China, Japan, Korea, India, Australia and Southeast Asia (Indonesia, Thailand, Philippines, Malaysia and Vietnam)), South America (Brazil etc.) & Middle East and Africa (North Africa and GCC Countries), comparison, leading countries and opportunities; Regional Marketing Type Analysis, Supply Chain Analysis.Chapter 10, focus on identifying the key industry influencer’s, consumer behavior, marketing channels, Industry experts and strategic decision makers overview;Chapter 11 and 12, Market Trend Analysis, Drivers, Challenges by consumer behavior and demand.Chapter 13 and 14, describe about the vendor landscape (classification and Market Positioning)Chapter 15, deals with Android POS Market sales channel, distributors, traders, dealers, Research Findings and Conclusion, appendix and data source.Early buyers will receive 10% customization in this research study. Read Detailed Index of full Research Study at @ https://www.htfmarketreport.com/reports/984044-android-pos-marketThanks for reading this article; you can also get individual chapter wise section or region wise report version like North America, Europe or Asia.Company Name: HTF Market Intelligence Consulting Private LimitedContact Person: Craig FrancisEmail: Send EmailAddress:Unit No. 429, Parsonage RoadState: New JerseyCountry: United States Chattanooga in Hamilton County, Tennessee — The American South (East South Central)98th Ohio InfantryJohn Beatty's Brigade - Davis’ Division—14th Corps —John Beatty's Brig., Davis' Div., 14th Corps.Maj. James M. Shane.Nov. 25, 1863.Davis' Division, in which this regiment served, was concentrated at Caldwell's crossing opposite the mouth of the west Chickamauga, previous to the arrival of General Sherman's forces. It covered the crossing of that command over the Tennessee on the night of Nov. 23, and forenoon of the 24th. It acted as a reserve to Sherman throughout the battle of the 25th, but its infantry was not engaged. On the 26th the regiment skirmishes heavily beyond Chickamauga Station, and the next day near Ringgold.Casualties: Killed, 2 Men; Wounded, 6 Men; Total, 8 Men.Erected 1908 by State of Ohio. (Marker Number MT-312.)Marker series. This marker is included in the Chickamauga and Chattanooga National Military Park, Ohio Reservation, and the Chickamauga and Chattanooga National Military Park: November 25, 1863 marker series.Location. 35° 1.673′ N, 85° 15.488′ W. Marker is in Chattanooga, Tennessee, in Hamilton County. Marker is on South Crest Road 0.1 miles from Ridge Road, on the right when traveling south. Touch for map. This marker (tablet)Other nearby markers. At least 8 other markers are within walking distance of this marker. 108th Ohio Infantry (here, next to this marker); 3rd Ohio Infantry (here, next to this marker); 113th Ohio Infantry (here, next to this marker); 121st Ohio Infantry (a few steps from this marker); Ohio at Chickamauga (a few steps from this marker); Ohio Monument (a few steps from this marker); Ohio Artillery (within shouting distance of this marker); Fifth Company Battalion Washington Artillery (within shouting distance of this marker). Touch for a list and map of all markers in Chattanooga.More about this marker. According to the description information provided by the National Park Service, the marker is a, “Bronze inscription tablet with decorative border mounted on low marble pedestal. Describes the unit's activities on November 25, 1863."Also see . . . National Park Service List of Classified Structures. This is a link to information provided by the National Park Service regarding this particular monument. (Submitted on August 29, 2016, by Dale K. Benington of Toledo, Ohio.)Categories. • War, US Civil •Credits. This page was last revised on August 29, 2016. This page originally submitted on December 1, 2010, by Dale K. Benington of Toledo, Ohio. This page has been viewed 468 times since then and 14 times this year. Photos: 1, 2, 3, 4. submitted on December 1, 2010, by Dale K. Benington of Toledo, Ohio. Since facing the personal tragedy of losing their 3-1/2-year-old daughter Emily to the flu in 2004, Joe and his wife, Jennifer, along with the other member families of FFF, have dedicated themselves to educating people about influenza in kids in the hope that other parents will not have to experience the same heartbreak of losing a child to a vaccine preventable illness."My wife and I lost our beautiful, healthy daughter to the flu," said Joe Lastinger. "Emily did not have to die. Had she been vaccinated against the flu she may still be with us today. It's a tragedy that no parent should ever have to experience, especially when it can potentially be avoided with a simple annual flu vaccination.At the time of Emily's death, the CDC did not recommend vaccinating children against the flu under the age of 23 months. However, in February 2008, FFF and the entire influenza community accomplished a monumental achievement when the CDC's Advisory Committee on Immunization Practices (ACIP) expanded its influenza vaccination recommendations to include all children ages six months to 18 years. Previous recommendations included all children aged six months to 59 months. This new recommendation will be implemented as soon as feasible, but no later than the 2009-2010 influenza season.Children are two to three times more likely than adults to get sick with the flu because of their less developed immune systems. In fact, more than 20,000 children under the age of 5 are hospitalized due to influenza every year. In addition, over the past four flu seasons more than 300 children have died from influenza in the U.S. The flu vaccine is typically 60 to 90 percent effective when administered to children and is a simple way to help stop the spread of the flu virus to children and others in the community.Hosted by the CDC, National Center for Immunization and Respiratory Diseases (NCIRD), the National Immunization Conference explores the latest developments in vaccine science, policy, education, and technology. The conference brings together a wide variety of local, state, federal, and private-sector immunization partners to explore science, policy, education, and planning issues related to immunization in general and vaccine-preventable disease.Families Fighting Flu, Inc. (FFF) is a non-profit, volunteer-based organization established in 2004, that is made up of families and healthcare practitioners who have experienced first-hand the death of a child due to the flu, or have had a child experience severe medical complications from the flu. FFF is dedicated to educating people about the severity of influenza and the importance of vaccinating children against the flu every year.Source: Families Fighting Flu This past week, I scraped my car into a wall. The impact was so strong, it dented the driver’s side–a significant dent. I make no excuses for my horrible driving skills. It is the first time in my almost 13 years of driving that I will be making a car insurance claim.This past year, in an effort to save money, I raised our car insurance deductibles from $500 to $1,000, with the understanding that we rarely, if ever, submit a car insurance claim so raising our deductible from $500 to $1,000 would just provide unlimited savings. Of course, this doesn’t exactly work when you have an accident and actually need to submit an insurance claim.As I called my husband to let him know what happened, I started bawling. I didn’t want to take away $1,000 from our hard earned savings to pay for such a silly mistake that was a direct result of my carelessness. If I had just kept the deductible at $500, we wouldn’t have to pay so much.After I calmed down, I started thinking more clearly and realized: Having a $1,000 car insurance deductible is still the right choice. And let me explain why:If the damage I had caused my car only cost about $700 to fix, I would not file an insurance claim and I would simply pay for it out of pocket because I wouldn’t want my car insurance to go up. How many times have you forgone filing an insurance claim just so your car insurance won’t go up? You figure you might as well eat the $200 difference in an effort to save your record.So the reason a $1,000 car insurance deductible makes sense, is that if the damage were any less, you wouldn’t be filing a claim anyway. $1,000 is the perfect car insurance deductible because it’s not enough to make you go broke because you should have the amount in savings (which we do), but it’s enough that if you actually do need to file a claim, you probably will because anything over $1,000 is just too much to take out of savings.If I’m not going to be taking advantage of a $500 deductible because more than likely I would be paying anything out of pocket up to $1,000 just to keep my car insurance from going up, then I might as well save the money on the premiums.The key, of course, is to make sure you have the $1,000 in savings so that you don’t find yourself completely broke should you need to file a claim.I actually recently took a look at my dad’s car insurance policy and noticed he had a $250 deductible. I told my dad, “When have you ever filed a $250 claim?” He knew he never had, because if the cost was anything between $1 and $500, even up to $700, my dad would most likely pay it out of pocket rather than risk filing a claim and have his insurance go up.Put $1,000 into a savings account. Save money on the premiums. And be a cautious driver. That’s how you’ll really save money.As for me, I am now riding a bike to work. The Upper Peninsula is the northern of the two major peninsulas that make up the U.S. state of Michigan. It may also be referred to as the UP or Upper Michigan. The peninsula is bounded on the north by Lake Superior, on the east by the St. Marys River, on the southeast by Lake Michigan and Lake Huron, and on the southwest by Wisconsin.The Upper Peninsula contains 29% of the land area of Michigan but just 3% of its total population. Residents are frequently called Yoopers (derived from "U.P.-ers") and have a strong regional identity. Large numbers of French Canadian, Finnish, Swedish, Cornish, and Italian immigrants came to the Upper Peninsula, especially the Keweenaw Peninsula, to work in the area's mines and lumber industry. The peninsula includes the only counties in the United States where a plurality of residents claim Finnish ancestry.Ordered by size, the peninsula's largest cities are Marquette, Sault Ste. Marie, Escanaba, Menominee, Houghton, and Iron Mountain. The land and climate are not very suitable for agriculture because of the long harsh winters. The economy has been based on logging, mining, and tourism. Most mines have closed since the "golden age" from 1890 to 1920. The land is heavily forested and logging remains a major industry. Separate names with a comma.Discussion in 'TLOPO Weapons and Loot' started by Tyler McDyess, Jan 24, 2018.Haha cg. Id rather have all that iron thoShort Rib is by far the luckiest pirate I've ever known lolol2 out of 6 of new legendary!I hate youHey, at least its my first one from sailing.My 2nd Silver Freeze. Imagine that was The Onyx Curse in a chest.I feel youNot a good first Legendary for my alt today couldve been onyxWelcome to Ebonita's world.Funny how after joking about that issue, the exact same thing happens to me the same daycant be mad when you arent on tormI don't deserve this omg... I'm so happy!!!I have every cutlass in TLOPO nowNot quite what I wanted from Jimmy Legs but this broke my legendary curse of going almost half a year without seeing red letters.3rd legendary of the day. Only one that wasn't el patron's or sf though.How many hours are there in a day on your planet mate? DescriptionAmerican Conquest: Divided Nation is the sequel to Real Time Strategy Game American Conquest. While the first game focused on the conquest of America by the Europeans from the natives. In this game the focus is on the Civil War. The game features nine historical campaigns and various lose scenarios to replay this time of conflict.The game plays like a traditional RTS game. You gather resources (wood, grain, coal and gold), construct a base and create units to fight your opponent who is trying to do the same. In the campaign missions the resource gathering and base building is sometimes left out in favour of maps that are purely focused on a battlefield. In these missions it is possible to build a base tent camp with a canteen and head quarters, but you have to make do with the soldiers you are given at the start of the map.There are four playable nations: the Confederacy, the Union, Mexico and Texas. Each nation has some specific units, but they are mostly the similar. Available are infantry, cavalry, artillery and maritime units.There are no Windows user screenshots for this game.There are no promo images for this gamePart of the Following GroupsThere are no reviews for this game.|Jeuxvideo.com||Jan 26, 2006||13 out of 20||65||Gameplay (Benelux)||Feb 27, 2006||60 out of 100||60||Eurogamer.net (UK)||Jan 10, 2006||5 out of 10||50||4Players.de||Mar 03, 2006||49 out of 100||49||GameStar (Germany)||Feb, 2006||40 out of 100||40||PC Powerplay||Jan, 2006||27 out of 100||27|There are currently no topics for this game.There is no trivia on file for this game.Related Web Sites- American Conquest: Divided Nation (product page on the developer's website) As a fairly wealthy, Caucasian woman, living in Canada, I have never been in a situation where I have had no where to go. For these individuals however, ones who have had to live with serious misfortunes for an extended period of time, are affected by the housing crisis. These individuals hope to share their stories in order to diminish the stereotypes and misconceptions surrounding the lives of individuals living on the streets. Continue reading Street LifeWhy do I turn my backfrom those who really love me?Why don’t I tune my heartto those who really care? Continue reading Worthmy feet in the muckof the wrongful demandsfrom those who have luckon their sides. Continue reading Luck Doesn’t ExistIt’s okay to be alone sometimes, it can even be important. Do not forget how significant you are and how many people you influence. And when you think of such things, remember that even when you are alone, you are not forgotten. Continue reading Solitude: Lost in TranslationOur words mean something important, whether we choose to believe it or not. What we write and what we share with the world impacts others; it has the capability to touch the lives of others and change the way they see the world. So let’s write, about our beauty, our weaknesses, our emotions and anything we wish because it is all important. All we have to do is write. Continue reading Written: Lost in TranslationWhen we think about love it can often be difficult to define it. What is it exactly? How do you know what you are feeling is true and authentic? A political comic and artist from New Zealand analyzes many different elements of love and what it really means. Continue reading A Love StoryWhen you squint your eyes traffic lights brighten,reminding you that the city lights can cause fears to lighten.And when alone at twilight, looking up at the sky,street lights bring you comfort as day turns to nigh. Continue reading PainDance with me please,or lets talk for awhile.Cause I like when I’m with you,when you make me smile.Continue reading ComplicatedPillows, blankets, and suitcases filled to the brimstuffed in the trunk of my car as I leave on a whim.Running away has always been second nature to me,when life gets too tough, I pack up and flee. Continue reading Fled Bad Credit in Today’s Job Marketby: Michael CreditFirmAs unemployment rises, the job market is becoming more competitive than ever. Every day companies find new ways do distinguish candidates from one another. The credit score, a metric for measuring a consumers creditworthiness, has quickly become one of the most important factors in determining an employee’s qualification for a job.With an estimated 60 percent of employers using credit checks to screen potential candidates, Americans with bad credit risk being denied employment because of the status of their credit reports. Several studies have proven that a bad credit score usually shows that an employee is more likely to steal or commit fraud.Several states have begun passing laws limiting an employers ability to check a candidates credit reports. Unfortunately, employers have several loopholes and workarounds to bypass those laws.The only way to be sure of getting a fair chance at employment, or even an upper leg in some cases, is to have a good credit score. Your credit report says a lot about you, and you want your potential employer to see you as a stable, responsible, and qualified applicant.If your credit score is hurting your employment opportunities, enroll in CreditFirm.net’s credit repair service today, and take the first step toward improving your credit and landing a job. For years, WPLG has joined forces with JM Family to showcase the inspirational accomplishments of local African American achievers in South Florida. We are looking to continue that effort and need your help.Nominations are now being accepted for the 25th annual African-American Achievers awards, presented by JM Family Enterprises, Southeast Toyota Distributors and JM Lexus.Established in 1992 by automotive pioneer Jim Moran, the African-American Achievers awards program annually recognizes leaders for their exceptional contributions toward building stronger communities in South Florida.Awards are given to outstanding African Americans who set an inspirational example through community involvement and leadership in four categories: Arts & Culture; Business & Entrepreneurism; Community Service; and Education.In honor of the achievers, JM Family, Southeast Toyota and JM Lexus will donate $40,000 to various South Florida charities - $10,000 in each achiever’s name to the charity or charities of his/her choice.The companies will also donate $500 to the charity(ies) of choice for those whose nominee is selected as an African-American Achiever, for an additional total contribution of $2,000 to local nonprofits. Each person whose nominee is chosen will receive an invitation to attend the evening’s private reception.Please let us know who you would like to nominate for this year’s awards by going to www.africanamericanachievers.com, and filling out the nomination form. Nomination are also available through the African-American Achievers’ Facebook page. If you'd like a hard copy of the nomination form, please call 866-516-2497.Nominations will be accepted until Dec. 2, 2016.The awards presentation and ceremony will be held on Wednesday, April 26, 2017.Copyright 2012 by Post Newsweek. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed. For the first time in our 3 years of marriage/4 Christmases married, we were unable to travel home to celebrate the holidays. 🙁 We knew pretty much from the start of the year that it would be unlikely with Curtis’ schedule and had accepted it, but it was still sad to see pictures and hear from family and know what we were missing out on. Such as the food…oh how I miss all the Christmas treats and the feast with my grandparents! I did my best to recreate all our favorite desserts to make it feel like Christmas around here. On the bright side, Curtis had been scheduled to work Christmas day (and a week surrounding it), but they gave everyone the day off so we were able to spend it together. We skyped with our families, ate our favorite foods, did a puzzle, and watched Die Hard (Same as last year — I guess that makes it our family tradition now? 😉 ).We also went on our first official “Winter Hike” — I’ve mentioned our hiking challenges here many times, but some of these challenges have a bonus for if you hike all the peaks in the winter season (December 21 – March 20). By no means are we going to try to complete this challenge this year, we don’t have the time or the desire to do so, but we thought it’d be fun to redo some of our favorites. We decided to start with the first hike we did the day we arrived in our new hometown in NY, Spruce Mountain. It had snowed a few days prior, but others had hiked the trail and left a well-packed down path to the peak. We chose a day where the temperature was warmer (upper 30’s) and were warm enough the whole time.It’s so fun to return to the first places we visited now that we’ve lived here for several months and are more familiar with the area. It brings back the feelings of excitement and newness that we felt the first week. It helped me put in perspective where this mountain is in relation to the others we’ve hiked since then, and now I could hike the trail as a more experienced Adirondack hiker. The trail was steeper than I remembered, but still easier than other fire tower hikes we’ve done. Then of course, it was fun to see this area in a whole different season, with beautiful untouched snow surrounding the trail.I used this hike as an opportunity to practice snowshoeing. I know it’s better on fresh snow, but I felt much more confident having the spikes on the bottom for extra traction while walking downhill. Curtis and I both found good snowshoes in good condition on Craigslist for much less than we would’ve paid for brand new, which I think is a great investment if it gets us out on the trails together more often! Even if we don’t always live in areas that get snow, I think we’ll find many opportunities to use them for years to come — we snowshoed in Bryce Canyon a few years ago and loved it!Since we were experimenting with winter hiking and snowshoeing, we also decided to bring along our puppy Charlotte to see how she’d do. We had been concerned that the snow would come up too high and she would be too cold, but as always, she blew us away with how she adapted and LOVED this snowy hike. This shouldn’t even surprise me any more, but it makes us so happy to see her loving every adventure we take her on no matter what. Because the trail was already well packed, she had no trouble with walking or having the snow come up too high. She did venture off trail a few times, and while she may have acknowledged that it was a mistake, it hardly stopped her from following scents and jumping through the beautiful snow. My favorite part of the hike was when Curtis and I stopped to catch our breath for the last stretch of trail, and I looked ahead and saw Charlotte literally bounding up to the top of the mountain.The one big mistake we did make, however, was letting Charlotte walk up to the top of the fire tower with us. She really wanted to when we reached the base, and since we were the only people up there, we said “Why not?” But as she climbed the steps higher and the tower became more narrow, she started to regret the decision and refused to go any higher. With enough coaxing and pushing we got her to make it to the top, but getting her to go down was much more challenging. Even worse, the steps were covered in snow and ice, already making me nervous about walking down myself. I don’t remember if Curtis ended up carrying her all the way or if she finally pushed through and did it herself, but once she was back on the ground, she wouldn’t go anywhere near the tower or let Curtis hold her for a family picture. Now we know, never let Charlotte climb the fire towers, even if she really thinks she wants to! 🙂After missing out on spending the holidays with family, I’d say the hardest thing was going back to reality with Curtis back at work on the day after Christmas. Growing up, my dad always had that whole week off, and I thought the 1-to-2 week break between the holidays was just a given. However, thanks to some wintery weather, he had one early out, and a snow day all thanks to Winter Storm Fortis. That brings us to a total of 5 early outs and 2 snow days so far — and he doesn’t have to make up those days. Maybe winter isn’t so bad after all! 😉 ‘Bouba Diop is there!’ …There is a short but telling pause. John Motson, one does sense, must have been comfortable in the knowledge that nothing would shock him on the pitch that day, that in the world of football he had simply seen too much. And yet the commentator older than time itself, and whose trademark sheepskin coat is probably even older than that, is lost for words. He is forced to repeat himself, this time louder, certainly, but somehow more hesitant, more noticeably taken aback.… ‘Bouba Diop is there!’Again, momentary silence.Papa Bouba Diop was there on May 31, 2002; ‘there’ of course being the edge of France’s six-yard box in the opening game of that year’s World Cup. But he was not the only one to star in Seoul that day.There was El-Hadji Diouf, way back when he was known by the title of African Footballer of the Year rather than simply ‘Sewer Rat’; there was Aliou Cissé, whose shackling of Thierry Henry made him the instant envy of dozens of Premier League defenders; and there was coach Bruno Metsu, whose counter-attacking tactics proved a perfect fit for his talented, high-octane squad. But there was also Khalilou Fadiga.Fadiga started his career, like the vast majority of his compatriots, in the land of his country’s old colonial masters, France. Initially picked up by Paris Saint Germain, he was let go soon afterwards, then joining their city neighbours Red Star 93. A move to Belgium quickly followed, Fadiga playing regular football for the first time in his fledgling career. RFC Liège and then Lommel came calling, until, at the age of 23, he established himself as Club Brugge’s star winger. Helping them to the Belgian title in his first season, Fadiga developed a taste for the UEFA Cup and Champions League; though an infrequent goal-getter, he shone on the left side and was rewarded with a first international call-up in the year 2000. (Initially, Fadiga had enquired about the possibility of representing Belgium at international level (he held a Belgian passport by virtue of his wife), but was told that the chances for inclusion were slim.)Khali’s European adventures continued into the next decade. He earned a move to AJ Auxerre, returning to the country to which he had first moved aged six. Striking up a more than fruitful partnership with Djibril Cisse, the Senegalese further bolstered his reputation as a powerful, rangy winger with the canny knack of being able to create something out of nothing. The caps kept coming for his country, meanwhile, Fadiga becoming a lynchpin of the side that, in the same year as that Bouba Diop goal, reached the final of the Africa Cup of Nations (they lost 3-2 on penalties, the Indomitable Lions of Cameroon proving that the Lions of Teranga still had at least some way to go).But it was in Korea and Japan that the career of Khalilou Fadiga really took off although things didn’t start so well. Before any football had been played, before the first match had even kicked off, Fadiga had stolen—as a ‘prank’—a necklace worth £170 from a jewellers in Korea; it was only by the good grace of the shopkeeper, a Mr Lee Seung-Yol, that he was not prosecuted, instead receiving from Mr Lee a letter of forgiveness and a golden pig (which is, I’m reliably informed by the BBC report, ‘a traditional good-luck token in South Korea’).Jewel theft aside, however, his World Cup performances were outstanding. In the famous win over France, colonised overcoming colonisers, the winger was a constant outlet, a constant threat. Metsu ordered his midfield to press the opposition hard from the outset, and press they did; it was Omar Daf robbing Youri Djorkaeff which led to Diop’s goal, but such was the effort of the Senegalese that it could have been any one of them. Later in the game, Fadiga would flummox Chelsea’s Franck LeBoeuf (admittedly France’s weak link), driving into the penalty box before sending him one way, and then the other, and eventually rattling a fierce shot against the crossbar of Fabien Barthez. Against Denmark, the winger set up Salif Diao for what was arguably the goal of the tournament: a scintillating counter-attacking move to level things up at 1-1. And against Uruguay, Fadiga coolly stroked home a penalty, sending the helpless Fabián Carini the wrong way in what ended a thrilling 3-3 draw. Suspended against Sweden, he returned for their quarter final clash with Turkey, only to see his side beaten by an extra time Ilhan goal. Nevertheless, in a stand out team, Khali was himself a stand out.With Arsenal, Liverpool, Bordeaux and Inter all sniffing around, just part of a plethora of potential suitors, Fadiga seemed destined to move onto bigger and better things. Preferring Italy, for now, to England or another French club, he joined Italian giants Inter in 2003 (though not before he had helped Auxerre to the Coupe de France that same year, overcoming his former youth club PSG in the final); it is worth noting that of all the 2002 Senegalese alumni, it was only Diouf and Salif Diao who had moved to clubs with anywhere near the Nerazzurri’s level of prestige, both being snapped up by Gerard Houllier’s Liverpool. Fadiga upon his arrival at the San Siro called the switch ‘beautiful’ and told the Inter fans that ‘I cannot wait to start this adventure.’ The scene was set for Serie A’s new African star.And then, without warning, it struck. Disaster. ‘Honestly, I can’t understand what is happening,’ the Senegalese told La Gazzetta dello Sport. ‘I have nothing to hide.’ Fadiga was speaking about concerns raised by Inter’s medical staff about the state of his heart. In the examination carried out before the transfer, doctors had found that the winger was suffering from an irregular heartbeat; Inter pushed ahead with the signature regardless—an indication of the player’s quality—with cardiologist Pedro Brugada concluding that there was ‘nothing to prevent him playing football.’ This was what Fadiga believed. As far as he was concerned: ‘Everything is fine, apart from a bit of stress and a problem with my right knee which I've had for ages and didn't stop me playing more than 60 games for Auxerre and Senegal last season.’But Brugada’s diagnosis was wrong. Worryingly, more accurate was the assessment of Bruno Caru, a heart consultant working closely with the club. He told the Italian media that ‘Fadiga’s life is at risk… He has a problem that could cause cardiac arrest… and it’s surprising how he’s managed to play up until now.’ His time at Inter was over almost before it began: in a year with the Nerazzurri, Fadiga did not appear in a single competitive game; indeed, it was doubtful if he would ever play again. He underwent major heart surgery to correct the defect and was released from his contract, his future uncertain, his talent wasted, and most of all, his health still in danger.Next stop: Bolton Wanderers. Still Fadiga did not give up on the game he loved; when Sam Allardyce took the risk on offering the winger a one-year contract, he relished the opportunity. It was a step down, to be sure, but he didn’t care—he just wanted to play football again. ‘We like it here at Bolton, Dioufy and me,’ he explained. ‘I don’t like the weather or it being so grey, but the people are so friendly.’But then, another setback, a major setback. In October 2004 Fadiga was named on the bench for Bolton’s Carling Cup tie at home to Tottenham Hotspur. As the teams were warming up, however, it was clear that something had gone terribly wrong. Bodies swarmed round a collapsed white-shirted player. Kevin Davies and Henrik Pedersen ran like madmen, seeking any medical help they could find. Fadiga had again collapsed, his unconscious body taken to the Reebok Stadium’s medical room, from whence an ambulance picked the player up and drove him to a local hospital. He was not yet 30 years old.But still he did not give up.Fadiga was taken in for surgery once more, this time being fitted with a defibrillator. Professor Marcello Chimienti, who claimed to have first diagnosed Fadiga at Inter, strongly urged him to retire: ‘Fadiga should live his life quietly and give up playing football,’ he said. ‘It is extremely dangerous for him to want to continue playing while wearing a defibrillator. It is a device that can stop just as easily as it can work. The machine is so delicate, if it gets hit by a ball during a match or if the player falls on to his shoulder or takes a kick from an opponent, it will stop functioning - and this will lead to his instant death.’ The winger’s response was bullish—some would say foolish. ‘What this man… does not seem to appreciate,’ he asserted, ‘is that the defibrillator is not by my shoulder but behind my ribs.’ And with that he brushed off all talk of retirement. ‘I just want to play football. It’s as simple as that.’Unbelievably, Khali did continue to play football, defibrillator and all. He returned for Bolton against Ipswich in the Cup and impressed—especially so given that this was his first senior start for more than a year and a half. He even grew impatient at his lack of game time! ‘They tell me ‘just be patient’ but I can’t. I have waited so long. I want it now. I am ready now.’ And, yet again, ‘I just want to play football.’Fadiga was sent out to Derby County on loan at the start of the next season. He made only four uneventful appearances. A return to Bolton saw some more game time, including a return to European club competition in the UEFA cup. But Fadiga never returned to his often-dazzling peak. Allardyce released the player in 2006 before he was picked up on a short-term contract by Coventry. He soldiered on but failed to impress.Again released, Fadiga returned to Belgium—his former stomping ground and home of his wife—with Gent and later Beerschot and KSV Temse. Appearances for these clubs were few and far between, but his love for football still shone through. One particularly memorable occasion springs to mind: having said that he would pack up his sandals and ride his bicycle from Belgium to Senegal should he be recalled to the national squad, one fan—named Samba Gningue—actually did cycle the length of Senegal to meet his hero; upon arriving in Dakar and meeting the squad, Fadiga was so touched by the fan’s gesture that he provided him with full use of his 5* accommodation for the night. The fan, president of the city of Tambacounda’s ‘Fadiga Fan Club’, explained: ‘He recently said that if he had to cycle from his home in Belgium to Senegal to make it back into the national side, he would… I love Khali anyway, he is my hero because he is always so proud to play for Senegal.’In 2011, and in his mid-30s, Khali retired from football. But what next for the man who just wouldn’t give up? Bruno Metsu, his former coach, has tipped him for a managerial role with Senegal: ‘I really think Khali would be a winner [in that role].’ Since retirement, though, he has mainly been working as an agent and pundit. With everything he’s been through, I’m willing to bet he’s a tad more insightful in that latter role than, say, Alan Shearer. But I digress. To borrow the terminology of another sport (one, I suspect, not so popular in Senegal), it was, against the odds, a long and successful innings.When Papa Bouba Diop scuffed and scrambled the ball past Barthez, and thus Senegal past France, in 2002, no one knew what was in store for those Senegalese players. As it turns out, the majority have had successful if unremarkable careers at the top level (but not the very top) in England and France. Khalilou Fadiga could have been different; the innings was long and successful, but it could have been so much better, so much more. Still, his heart may have failed him in a literal sense; but in a way, it was his very heart, his soul, that kept Khalilou Fadiga fighting for so long. In 2015, I became a Hearthstone Arena player. During my first year (December 2013 and most of 2014), I was testing the waters. I played a lot of Ranked games to try to get Legend. I played Casual. I even joined an online tournament for two weeks. I played Arena too, but it was something I never put as my main focus.And then for whatever reason, I became fixated on the Arena. Maybe the Ranked meta had me facing aggro every game and I got tired of the struggle. Maybe I was up for the challenge of the seemingly difficult environment. I started watching Arena-only players stream games, and podcasts. I used drafting tools. All in all, I became an Arena player in 2015.Though an Arena player, I am by no means good, and this progress report will glean on what is going on in my Arena experience.Overall average wins: 4.91, n=225 – Once upon a time, I ran a 5.14 average or so. I spent most of 2015 somewhere around 5, sometimes above, sometimes below. 5 is the pseudo-infinite level, where with dailies, your winnings form the Arena can finance your runs every day. With the LoE expansion, my play has tanked a little, to the point where I sometimes can’t afford to play Arena everyday.Rogue – 5.8 wins/run – I’ve always found it weird that the only class I know how to play well in Hearthstone is the most complicated class. Because of my relative success playing Rogue, Valeera remains the only hero I will pick over anything else. A new trend since the LoE expansion has my Rogue average at 6.5 wins/run, and something a lot worse for every other class. My inability to adapt to other classes will likely continue this trend.Mage – 5.0 wins/run – On paper, Mage seems the best arena class. Lots of removals around, and now Ethereal Conjurer! I possibly play Mage too slow and too reactive. My Mage average has always been above a 5 it seems, but I would need to adapt the gameplay to something faster perhaps, if I want to continue that.Shaman – 4.8 wins/run – A bit of a surprise, considering Shamans are considered somewhat weak in the Arena. While still below-average, my Shaman play is something that I’m not particularly concerned about, and one that I think will gradually improve.Warlock – 4.6 wins/run – Warlock is the class I think I’m good at, but am not really. My second-most played class after Rogue, the Warlock playstyle is one that I like a lot. I will use Life Tap when I can to maintain card advantage, while putting stuff out on the board. Like Shaman, I like playing Warlock, and think the win rate will gradually get better.Paladin – 4.5 wins/run – Once Paladin was my best class. Now it is somewhat nosediving with really low win runs recently. Paladins are one of the easiest classes to play in Arena and Constructed, so this goes into the baffling issue with being best at Rogue. Yeah I can’t explain it. I will still play Paladin, if worse choices are offered.Hunter – 4.2 wins/run – Hunters are at a crossroads in the Arena. Things are slower, and value picks are a bit better. This is troubling for the headlong aggro class. I like to think I can play Hunter well, but the win rates are a bit lower than Shaman and Warlock.Druid – 3.8 wins/run – Druids are typically a solid arena class, but my own inability to play Druid (level 34!) in Constructed has permeated to not knowing how to play the class in general. This low win count could also be a product of small sample size, so I am willing to give Druids a bigger shot.Priest – 3.2 wins/run – Priests are the true draft-dependent class, which will make or break it in the end. I recently had the 0-3 police get me for a Priest run, so I may continue to avoid Anduin when picking.Warrior – 2.8 wins/run – The worst class in the Arena got some help with the new cards, which makes Warrior much more competitive. People are still not playing Warriors, but when they do, the games a bit closer. Still bad, but one I am willing to play more, unlike Priest.Even with the lull in Hearthstone content, I will continue playing predominantly Arena. This month has me at my highest Constructed Rank of 8, and it seems I’m hitting a wall at every number. So, I will try to get better and back to a 5 win average. Aristotle's Nicomachean Ethics, based on lectures that he gave in Athens in the fourth century BCE, is one of the most significant works in moral philosophy, and has profoundly influenced the whole course of subsequent philosophical endeavour. It is soundly located within a philosophical tradition, but its argument differs markedly from those of Plato and Socrates in its emphasis on the exercise - as opposed to the mere possession - of virtue as the key to human happiness, offering seminal discussions of ethical issues that are practical in their intent. Topics covered include the role of luck in human wellbeing, moral education, responsibility, courage, justice, moral weakness, friendship and pleasure. This accessible new translation by Roger Crisp follows the Greek text closely and also provides a non-Greek-reader with the flavour of the original. The volume also includes a historical and philosophical introduction and notes on further reading. Thousands of active singles online subscribe now for russian women personals newsletter to receive news, updates, photos of top rated members. Personals are for people local to san marino, ca and are for ages 18+ of either sex find someone who is right for you san san marino dating and personals.Free online dating site for singles totally free matchmaking services browse single men and women personals without payment and registration. In the older sections of san marino there are still many buildings dating from the one thousand and the divorce rate is san marino , 1996. Messianic connections is for messianic jews who are single and looking for other messianic jewish singles for friendship, dating, love, and romance.Dan marino news, gossip, photos of dan marino, biography, dan marino girlfriend list 2016 relationship history dan marino relationship list dan marino dating history, 2018, 2017, list of dan marino relationships. Find meetups about divorce support and meet people in your local community who share your interests.San marino dating site, san marino personals, san marino singles luvfreecom is a 100% free online dating and personal ads site there are a lot of san marino singles searching romance, friendship, fun and more dates. Find meetups about widows-widowers-divorced -singles/single divorced and meet people in your local community who share your interests. San marino dating for singles from san marino meet singles online from san marino now registration is 100% free.San marino singles seeking love and marriage at 100% free loveawake san marino online singles service be the first to meet san marino singles this is a list of new singles that just have placed their free profiles and ready meet single sliek themselves from san marino. To find girls in san marino lovepedia is the perfect place the online dating site where you can find san marino single girls seeking for their soulmate. Dating and divorced is a dating site designed with divorced people in mind.Find meetups about dating and relationships and meet people in your local community who share your interests. Online dating ukraine: subscribe now for russian women personals newsletter to receive news, updates, photos of top rated members, feedback.San marino's best 100% free divorced singles dating site meet thousands of divorced singles in san marino with mingle2's free divorced singles. Browse through thousands of profiles of san marino divorced ladies and get ready to chat with your life match your ideal match may be just a few clicks away no matter what you are looking for online dating, flirt with a woman, chat or may be even one night stand you can find all that on our matchmaking site. Iranian women & men meet at this persian dating site & iranian chat room create a free account to meet iranian singles. WORK AT HOME and join our fun, growing company!Are you an experienced bookkeeper looking for a fun and flexible position at a growing company?This is the position for you!Job duties include:- Reconciling bank statements, American Express, and PayPal accounts.- Quick book invoicing and reconciliation- Annual Tax preparationIdeal candidate is an experienced bookkeeper who has worked with a revolving inventory.In addition to your resume and cover letter, please answer the following questions when applying for the position.- What experience do you have that makes you qualified for this position?- What hours are you available to work during the week?- What interests you about working for GirlyGoGarter?- Please share one fun fact about yourself.- QuickBooks: 1 year- Bookkeeping: 1 year In The Service - Christine BrownMOORE HAVEN, FL. -- Army Pfc. Christine N. Brown completed Phase II of the Radar Repairer Advanced Individual Training (AIT) course at Fort Sill, Lawton, Okla.AIT is designed to train soldiers to troubleshoot, test, install, replace and repair radar systems equipment using electronic and electrical test equipment. Students received a working knowledge of air traffic control, missile tracking, air defense and other radar systems consisting of receivers, transmitters, electronic assemblies and associated equipment and other components.The classroom training included preparing and maintaining equipment logs, application of electronic principles and concepts, and inspection techniques and procedures.She is the daughter of Nicole F. Murphy of Avenue K, Moore Haven, Fla. Her husband, Christian, is the son of Kimberly Brown of Fields Landing Road, Hayes, Va. Brown is a 2005 graduate of Moore Haven High School. Notre Dame’s second primetime home affair has lost some of its luster. But every time the Irish play Stanford, a good game usually ensues, so even if the Cardinal are riding a two-game losing streak and Notre Dame comes in amidst a confidence-crushing swoon, there’s plenty at stake in the annual battle for the Legends Trophy.To get us ready for Stanford is Do-Hyoung Park. A fellow Minnesotan from the great city of St. Paul, Do does everything for the Stanford Daily, all while on track for his masters in chemical engineering.After spending the summer covering an epically bad Minnesota Twins season, Do is back in Palo Alto and went deep to get us ready for David Shaw and the tough gentlemen from the Pac-12.Hope you enjoy.* Let’s start with the obvious: What’s happened these last two weeks? After a strong start to the season, the bottom has fallen out against Washington and Washington State? What ails David Shaw’s team?That’s the million-dollar question, isn’t it? No, really. If I knew the answer, I’d be making millions coaching the Cardinal right now, because, frankly, offensive coordinator Mike Bloomgren doesn’t exactly know what’s wrong with his offense, either, and he actually gets paid to do this. From top to bottom, Stanford is still among the most talented teams in the conference and is arguably the best-coached team in the Pac-12. On paper, this team isn’t 38 points worse than Washington, and it’s definitely not 26 points worse than Washington State.Heading into each of the last two matchups, Bloomgren thought his offense — and the line — was trending up, only to be utterly blindsided by how badly Stanford fell on its face in execution both times. Bloomgren is actually concerned at this point that he might be over-coaching the line and giving them too much to think about, which has made Stanford hesitant in the trenches and slow to react to opposing defenses. But even with the injuries, there’s really no reason that the team should be playing this badly, and nobody can really put a finger on why — not the players, not the coaches and certainly not the fans. We saw this sluggishness to start last season on offense as well — and all it took was one jolt (a flea flicker against UCF) to light the fire. Stanford is still searching for that jolt, but nobody seems to know when (or how) it’ll come.This answer might feel like a cop-out, but it’s really the prevailing sentiment around the program right now.* After getting robbed in last year’s Heisman voting, Christian McCaffrey is back and clearly one of the country’s best football players. That said, his production is down and he’s now dealing with an undisclosed injury that has his status for the weekend up in the air.A few questions on McCaffrey:1) Is his drop in production tied more to the change in personnel up front or defenses keying on him?In terms of public perception, Christian McCaffrey’s biggest enemy is how good Christian McCaffrey was last season. It’s really not fair to point to a “drop in production” and to ask what’s wrong, because the standard that he set last year was quite literally unprecedented in the history of the sport. He did go well over 100 rushing yards in each of Stanford’s first three games of the season despite a lot of turnover on the offensive line, with double-digit receiving yards in each of those games, to boot. In terms of all-purpose yardage, his numbers are down because nobody is kicking to him anymore — and rightfully so. The rushing and receiving numbers were still otherworldly.Of course, I say “were” because he was bottled up quite well against both Washington and Washington State, but those numbers should be taken with the caveat that against Washington, Stanford found itself in a big hole early and couldn’t keep the ball on the ground (McCaffrey only carried the ball 12 times), and against Washington State, the Cardinal decided to go with 4-WR or 5-WR shotgun for most of the night, even before McCaffrey left with his injury.The offensive line breaking in three new starters certainly hasn’t helped his cause. Last season, he’d get three or four yards before getting hit on any carry, but this year, he’s getting hit near the line of scrimmage more often — and regardless of how shifty he is, McCaffrey can’t carry the load by himself. I wouldn’t necessarily say that defenses have been keying in on him, either — in the last two weeks especially, defenses haven’t really needed to do so because Stanford was just that outmatched at the line of scrimmage.2) Is there a feeling that he’ll actually miss this game — and maybe more — especially with Stanford’s postseason goals likely already squashed?It’s really too early to tell, but my best guess is that he won’t play on Saturday. Stanford has already tried to rush somebody’s recovery this season (CB1 Alijah Holder) and he re-injured himself and is set to miss his third straight game this weekend. I’d say that with a player as valuable as McCaffrey, Stanford is going to take every precaution possible to make sure that he’s only going to play when he’s absolutely, 100 percent healthy, which probably won’t be this weekend. It helps that sophomore running back Bryce Love is very much like McCaffrey in his own right and has been chomping at the bit for an extended look since last season. Shaw said after the Washington State game that he didn’t put McCaffrey back in because it wasn’t worth it in a blowout. Not to say that the Notre Dame game isn’t important, but this doesn’t seem like a particularly worthwhile game to mess with McCaffrey’s health, especially with the team sitting at 3-2 and third place in the Pac-12 North.3) Is there any chance he comes back to the Farm for his senior season?People seem to be treating it like a done deal that McCaffrey will declare for the draft at the end of this year, but I’m personally of the opinion that he’ll be back next year. I don’t know how to say this in a way that doesn’t come across as incredibly pompous, but quite frankly, there’s no real reason to leave Stanford’s campus and educational opportunities early — especially when you’re the second-most beloved student at the school (behind Katie Ledecky). Generally, players that have left Stanford after only three years, like Alex Carter, Austin Hooper and Andrus Peat, have either been unhappy with the football program or with the academics at the school. McCaffrey doesn’t seem to fit into that mold at all. Remember: Even Andrew Luck stayed for his senior season.4) Do you think his career at the next level can be representative of his dominance in the Pac-12?Not as an all-around threat. As good as McCaffrey has been at the collegiate level, I don’t think he’s sturdy enough to be an every-down, between-the-tackles running back in the NFL, where everyone is an athletic freak of nature, or fast enough to be a good returner. I believe McCaffrey’s future in the NFL will be something like a Wes Welker/Danny Woodhead hybrid, where I could see him being heavily involved in a team’s passing game out of the backfield while also lining up in the slot to match up against linebackers and safeties in coverage, where he can do plenty of damage thanks to his tremendous field vision and open-field maneuverability. His route-running and hands as a receiver are already among the best on the team (even among the actual wide receivers), which I expect to be his primary calling card at the next level.* Notre Dame’s season went up in smoke. Stanford’s feels a bit in free fall. We’ve spent a lot of time here discussing the root cause of the problems facing the Irish. Are there big picture issues in Palo Alto, or are fans taking a more measured approach to the two-game swoon?You would expect Stanford fans, of all people, to be reasonable, right? I was confounded to see people calling for David Shaw’s head and for the team to replace Burns at quarterback during the loss to Washington State, and even got blocked on Twitter by one of our fans for refusing to publicly denounce the coach that has taken the program to three Rose Bowls in the last four years. Really controversial stuff, right? The sad truth is that there’s a segment of fans that forget just how utterly abominable Stanford football was as recently as 2007 and fail to appreciate what Shaw has done for this program to make Stanford a perennial conference championship contender. That’s not to say it’s all bad — there are plenty of fans out there that remember the doldrums of the mid-2000s and are letting cooler heads prevail — and rightfully so.The fact of the matter is that Stanford’s recruiting pipeline is only growing more formidable and the coaching staff is full of proven winners that aren’t going anywhere anytime soon. This program is built to stay. I sure hope our fans are able to keep that in perspective.* Defensively, Solomon Thomas and Harrison Phillips look like monsters up front and Stanford’s run defense seems to be back to what it was in previous seasons. But again — two straight weeks have you wondering what gives with the Cardinal defense, and the pass defense is 95th in the country. This is Lance Anderson’s third year coordinating the unit. How stiff of a challenge will he give the Irish offense?Thomas and Phillips are absolutely monsters up front, but the execution bug has been plaguing them over the last two weeks, too. The Stanford pass rush just wasn’t able to get consistent pressure on either Jake Browning or Luke Falk, and especially with the Cardinal’s top two corners out, Stanford seemed unwilling to send too many blitzes and leave its less experienced defensive backs on islands against two of the best quarterbacks in the conference (if not the nation). The coverage actually hasn’t been all too bad, but given enough time, receivers will always get open. Browning and Falk had time, and they didn’t miss their receivers.Stanford is also down another starter this week, with budding star safety Justin Reid (brother of Eric) lost for the first half after being ejected for a targeting penalty in the second half against the Cougars. Cornerback Quenton Meeks is expected to be back for the game and sophomore corner Frank Buncom IV has played really well in his first collegiate action, but the secondary’s depth is precariously thin at the moment. Lance Anderson is the king of in-game adjustments with his coverages and pressures, but if Notre Dame can take advantage of Stanford’s anemic pass rush to put up one or two scores early, the Cardinal might again be in trouble, since this team is clearly not built to play from behind.* This game has routinely been one of the best on the calendar each year, a rivalry growing in importance at both the school and national level. What’s this game mean to the team? What’s it mean to the fans? And is it a game that means something to Stanford fans, too?I guess this is technically a trophy game, right? To tell the truth, it honestly doesn’t feel like much of one on campus. Of course, people dislike Notre Dame, but only as much as the country in general seems to dislike Notre Dame, for, well, being Notre Dame. The fans out here certainly don’t see it as a rivalry or anything. Last year’s Senior Night spectacle at Stanford Stadium aside, matchups against Notre Dame just seem to lack any sort of clout because it’s either a) in South Bend, which is a world and a half away from the Bay Area or b) the last week of the season, when the Pac-12 race has already been decided and Stanford has already been eliminated from BCS/Playoff consideration.The game might have meant something more to Kevin Hogan (whom I really hope isn’t broken in half behind the Browns’ offensive line) because his late father was a huge Notre Dame fan, but among the rest of the team, it really feels like just another game — especially with Stanford at 3-2 and Notre Dame at 2-4 this year.* How do you see this football game playing out? And how much do your expectations change if the Cardinal are without McCaffrey?Notre Dame’s defense has been a mess, but I’m not sure the Stanford offensive line will be able to figure things out before Saturday. They might, but given that they’ve been working without results for the last two-plus weeks, it seems hard to believe that after dropping a dud against Washington State, they’ll all of a sudden find their mid-season form against a Notre Dame team that has much more talent than the Cougars. I think Notre Dame’s offense takes advantage of Stanford’s anemic pass rush and missing defensive backs to take an early lead that it’ll hold against the McCaffrey-less Cardinal. I don’t think Stanford’s offense changes all too much without McCaffrey (Love is talented and versatile, too — we’re very excited about him) but the offensive line in its current form won’t win too many games. I’m taking the Irish, 27-14. ★ Shopping Online Value Metal Bench byRepublic Design House - Bedroom Benches are perfect for including personality to your room. We have collected the most popular styles with tips for how you can spot them where to place them. Best place to look on the internet for high quality home furniture for less and pieces associated with a color and size to fit your space style, Shop Metal Bench byRepublic Design House - Bedroom Benches on the internet for excellent prices, stylish home furniture and home decor. You will love our affordable Metal Bench byRepublic Design House - Bedroom Benches and enjoy patio furniture for sale - Bedroom Benches FREE Shipping and guaranteed cheapest price. you will find the perfect Metal Bench byRepublic Design House - Bedroom Benches right here. Do not miss this latest low cost for Metal Bench byRepublic Design House - Bedroom Benches . Get it of all time gone! Find out more for Metal Bench byRepublic Design House - Bedroom BenchesWhen selecting household furniture furniture sets, quality may come before cost. However, if you are on a tight budget, just as we are, gradually alter get the best you possibly can inside the restrictions of your spending budget. It's generally better to purchase fewer items of higher quality, than more components of reduce quality.This is because it is fake economic climate to buy too inexpensively. Well made wood furnishings can last longer and want fewer repairs, this becoming particularly so from the padded furniture that can comprise a substantial percentage of home furniture furnishings sets.Bedroom furniture sets are available in designs ranging from conventional and classic to contemporary and modern.Conventional styles change from ornate looks (think Chippendale, Full Angel, or Victorian) towards the traditional yet simplistic Objective-style furnishings from the earlier 1900s. Modern furniture is commonly less ornate and more mathematical with flair reminiscent of the fifties, 1960s, and seventies. Gentle outlines and ample upholstery frequently characterize the modern styles to come this era.Unsure which style is right for you? Whilst its definitely dependent on individual choice, you may want to think about your houses general design, the rooms design elements, and the outcome you are attempting to achieve.Occasionally it's not easy to pin you to ultimately 1 design, but that is okay: Do not be afraid to combine. But when youre purchasing wood furniture and wish a uniform appear, make certain each piece has got the same veneer or complete.Also, choose the right quality you can using the spending budget you are working to. This is where household furniture furniture sets will pay, because models are often more economical than acquiring the items individually. You can purchase home furniture furnishings sets composed of two sofas and a connecting corner item, or perhaps a sofa and two living room or arm chairs. For those who have kids, a sofa in a durable fabric might be much better initially than leather-based.Purchasing a home furniture established can often present the task to find balance between type and performance. A home furniture established ought to complement a home's decoration, it ought to function the customer's house needs, also it ought to withstand the test of time. Using the range of home furniture models that is available on the consumer marketplace, merchants like furnishings display rooms an internet-based websites like online strore might help purchasers effectively narrow down their options to get the best fit for his or her house. They have to consider the room that the household furniture established will utilize in accordance with their house furniture's measurements in order to ensure a good fit. Smaller households may find that a 5-piece established is much more than sufficient for their requirements, whilst a bigger loved ones may need a seven-item established in order to accommodate all of the family people. Purchasers must also find the right materials for their household furniture established to complement the style and atmosphere from the home's inside. With so many household furniture sets from which to choose, we can help any home owner enhance their home furnishings space in the most stylish and sensible manner feasible. (RxWiki News) Aggressive breast cancer requires aggressive treatment. The therapy for one menacing type of breast cancer – HER2-positive – almost always involves chemotherapy. Maybe not for everyone, though.Medical researchers are turning the page on treating this cancer.Women with HER2-positive breast cancer may no longer need chemotherapy. Instead, they could begin receiving two targeted therapies that knock out the cancer cells themselves, according to a new study.Two existing medications – Tykerb (lapatinib) and Herceptin (trastuzumab) – were shown in a recent study to attack the cancer on multiple fronts. This powerful drug combination delivered fatal blows to the cancer cells."Research your cancer treatment options."Mothaffar Rimawi, MD, medical director of the Lester and Sue Smith Breast Center at Baylor College of Medicine and first study author, said, "This study really epitomizes the whole new era of cancer medicine, using effective targeted treatments against selected subsets of patients resulting in high efficacy."The goal of this study was to see if the combination therapy could not only shut down tumor growth, but also prevent the tumors from becoming resistant to treatment.This clinical trial involved 64 women with HER2-positive breast cancer, an aggressive form of the disease in which the protein HER2 is overexpressed. Some of the women also had cancers that were driven by estrogen, or estrogen receptor positive (ER+) cancer.The medications attack the HER2 from different angles.This team of researchers has been working with these two medications for years. Previous laboratory and animal studies strongly suggested these medications were more powerful together than was either drug separately.Study members had large tumors and a median age of 40. They received the combination therapy for 12 weeks before surgery.Researchers found that the combination of lapatinib and trastuzumab effectively eliminated evidence of the disease in 21 percent of ER+ patients and 36 percent of ER– (estrogen receptor negative) cancers.That these results were achieved – without what the authors call the "sledgehammer" of chemotherapy – could be a huge advancement.“Our data support the hypothesis that selected patients with HER2-positive tumors may not need chemotherapy, and more-complete blockade of HER receptors and ER is an effective strategy worthy of further study,” the authors concluded.“This is interesting data which suggest that a subset of women with HER2-positive breast cancer may not need chemotherapy to treat their disease," Adam Brufsky, MD, PhD, professor of medicine at the University of Pittsburg School of Medicine, told dailyRx News."The issue is, at this point, we are not 100 percent sure who these women with HER2-positive breast cancer are.”This study was published April 8 in the Journal of Clinical Oncology. This study was supported by GlaxoSmithKline and the Translational Breast Cancer Research Consortium. Several authors reported having financial relationships with Genentech (maker of Herceptin), GlaxoSmithKline (maker of Tykerb), NanoString Technologies, Novartis and Pfizer. 2002-07-23 16:50:44 ET|A couple of things:Eine: If my chick is reading this and her AIM is freaking out like it usually does she should eMail me: email@example.comZwei: SK users, check out this amusing game Seraphina and I are playing...und Drei: If a certain somebody does so much as either get Courier as a font or put an AlphaSmart in her background, I'm going teh be scared...... LAST UPDATED ONIf you like spicy food, you are going to love this delicious Brazilian Seafood Stew (Moqueca de Camaroes)!Today we are going to Brazil!Brazilian food is a vibrant, colorful mix of Portuguese, African, Spanish, Italian, German and Amerindian cuisines, including an abundant variety of fruits, vegetables and spices. Brazilian cuisine uses a lot of root vegetables and fruits: acai, mango, papaya, guava, pineapple, orange, passion fruit, etc.Brazilians love their savory snacks, caipirinha cocktails and cheese bread rolls. Rice and beans are the basics, the foundation of the Brazilian every day diet. Desserts are very important part of every meal too. Usually the question asked is “what are we having for dessert?”, instead of “will it be a dessert?”There are so many delicious recipes worth trying and so hard to choose 🙂 I have decided to go with a savory dish for today – Moqueca de Camaroes – in the end, as I am sure Brazil will win some more games along the World Cup, giving me the opportunity to try some more recipes from their fabulous cuisine.Moqueca de Camaroes (Brazilian Prawn Stew) is a seafood stew loaded with prawns (shrimps), tomatoes, chillies, garlic, onion, coriander (cilantro), pal oil (dense oil), red capsicum (red peppers), hot sauce, lime juice and coconut milk. Need I say more? If you like spicy food, you’re going to love this delicious recipe. Of course, you can always adjust the amount of chilies and hot sauce added to the dish, to make it milder.- 1 lbs raw prawn peeled and deveined- 1 1/2 tablespoons olive oil- 1 tablespoon palm oil- 1 medium onion finely chopped- 1 garlic clove minced- 1/4 cup roasted red pepper diced- 1/4 cup fresh cilantro chopped- 3 medium size fresh tomatoes/ 1 can 14oz can diced tomatoes- 2 green chilies chopped- 1 cup coconut milk- 1 tablespoon hot sauce Sriracha- 2 tablespoons fresh lime juice- salt and pepperHeat olive oil and palm oil in a medium saucepan.Sauté the chopped onions and garlic for several minutes until golden and translucent, then add the roasted peppers and cook for another 5-7 minutes.Add the tomatoes, prawns and fresh chopped cilantro to the saucepan and simmer gently until the prawns turn opaque.Pour in the coconut milk and hot sauce and cook just until heated through, do not boil.Add fresh lime juice and season with salt and pepper to taste.Serve hot, garnished with fresh cilantro, accompanied by rice and cold beer.This recipe was adapted from Food.com Parents may have found a new reason to encourage their children to play a musical instrument. A new study led by scientists at Northwestern University reports that musical training during childhood can have positive effects on the adult brain, even if the training only lasts a few years.As children return to school, many parents face the question of whether to enroll their child in music lessons. They don't want to overload their child with extracurricular activities, but they are also afraid of missing the age window when musical talent can be discovered and nurtured. Besides, an investment in music lessons might be fruitless if the child stops playing the musical instrument at a later age. Yet scientists now argue this is not the case.Research on professional musicians shows that musical experience can not only rewire the auditory system, but also improve several of the brain's functions, such as motor control, memory and verbal ability. However, it had never been investigated whether these positive changes in the brain persist if the musical training stops before adulthood, which is indeed the case for most people who engage in music lessons at a young age.In a new study published in August in the Journal of Neuroscience, scientists test healthy adults who started playing a musical instrument at around 9 years of age but stopped a few years later. They used a technique called Auditory Brainstem Response (ABR), which measures brain activity after auditory stimulation, a similar test to the one used to assess whether newborn babies can hear. The scientists then performed the same experiments on adults who have never played an instrument and compared the results. "We find that the adult brain profits from past experiences with music. This is the first study to focus on whether the effects of music are long-lasting and whether they persist after the child stops playing an instrument." explains Erika Skoe, leading author in the study.The authors of the study propose that these long-term positive changes in the brain could be a result of the active interaction with sound that occurs when playing a musical instrument. "Playing a musical instrument is an incredibly active process that engages all of the senses, not just hearing. Active engagement with sound appears to be the critical ingredient for promoting long-lasting neural changes." says Skoe. This could explain why passive exposure to an enriched auditory environment alone only produces a temporary enhancement of brain activity, a phenomenon that has been observed in rat models. Referring to these experiments Skoe explains:"An enriched auditory environment was more or less "background music" in the animal's environment and not something that they could directly interact with."So when should children start learning music in order to benefit from these long-lasting neural changes?"Our study suggests that long-lasting effects can be seen with just one year of music lessons during grade [primary] school. However, music is likely to be a positive force on the brain at any age. Because every child is different, we are cautious about interpreting our results too prescriptively" answers Skoe.This and other studies raise the debate of whether or not music lessons should be compulsory in state schools. Nina Kraus, head of the Auditory Neuroscience Laboratory where the present study was conducted says: "I think musical training can do tremendous good (beyond music) in developing a better learner. Musical training strengthens auditory-based communication and learning skills including hearing speech in noisy situations, reading, auditory working memory, and auditory attention."From this elegant research we learn that playing a musical instrument during childhood has long-lasting positive effects on the brain. And the good news for parents is, that children will benefit from their music lessons throughout their adult life, even if they decide to swap the violin for a surfboard in their teens.Find more information on this topic on the Auditory Neuroscience Laboratory website at www.brainvolts.northwestern.edu 4330 Cedar Lake Rd. S.Minneapolis, MN 5541640 S. 7th St.Minneapolis, MN 554025225 Shoreline Dr.Mound, MN 5536412990 Valley View Rd.Rozin Security: Krav Maga classes at Rozin Security are $35/class for drop-in, and $300 for a 10-day pass.3soteric Life, Vault Fitness and Sabes JCC: Classes at the Sabes JCC, Vault Fitness and 3soteric Life are open to members and non-members, and pricing is posted below.See calendar for details on the class schedule.For more information, to inquire about private training, or to schedule a seminar for a group, contact us at email@example.com. At our recent Climate Reality Leadership Corps Training in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania, former Vice President Al Gore sat down with four accomplished Climate Reality Leaders to talk about how they stay motivated and continue to fight for common sense solutions to the climate crisis.With more than 80 presentations and logged Acts of Leadership between them, these Leaders – Dean Barone, Donna Hope, Divya Niwale, and Victoria Serda – have a wealth of experience as activists in the field. As part of the panel, they shared their experiences as well as some great tips on how to lead on climate and help spread the truth about the crisis.We collected some of their top tips for you, and you can watch the full recording for even more!Tip 1: Learn about your audienceBy getting to know who you’re talking to, you can better understand how to talk to them about the climate crisis. Ask them what impacts they see in their everyday lives, if they have a personal story about climate change, and what they may already be doing in the fight for climate action. This will help you get the conversation started and connect on a personal level.Tip 2: Share why you careWhen we talk about the climate crisis, it’s easy to list facts. But facts are only half of the story, it’s important to remember that the impacts of climate change touch people every day. So, start with your personal story. By sharing the reasons why you care about the climate crisis, you make yourself human and relatable, opening the door to connecting with audience members who may share your concerns or experience in a way that facts alone can’t.Tip 3: Use messages of hopeBeing a climate activist can be overwhelming – there’s a lot of work to do and seemingly little time to do it. It’s important to remind yourself, and others, that it is a problem that we can solve together. Use stories of success – like the hundreds of thousands of Americans standing up for the Paris Agreement through I Am Still In or France’s ban on new oil and gas exploration – to inspire people to take action themselves.As our Founder and Chairman Al Gore always says:“We must, we can, and we will solve the climate crisis.”Tip 4: Tell them what to do nextThere are hundreds of ways to get involved in the fight for climate solutions and it’s sometimes hard to decide where to start. As a climate activist, you have the tools to help them find something to do next. From adding their voice to support America’s Clean Power Plan to requesting a presentation from a trained Climate Reality Leader, there’s always something to be done in our movement for climate action. Known for their evolving and innovative parties, SOUP partners with Stuck on Earth and Rvdiovctive to bring epic sounds to the stellar Analog BKNY dance floor on Saturday, February 10. Get your tickets now on Resident Advisor!WAZE & ODYSSEYFresh and still hot off their new release All of Us (released off their own label W&O Street Tracks) – Waze & Odyssey are part of the slew of artists pushing the zeitgeist of what house music is forward in to new, albeit, unfamiliar territory.They say House music is said to be making a “comeback”, but that would be highly inaccurate – the genre is, however experiencing a full-on renaissance. While the roots of house are firmly in place, (dating back to those the early days of Chi-town breaks, and sharp Detroit Synths)- innovation and access has allowed many artists to inject their unique structure and sound to create music that while familiar, offers a fresh take. Waze & Odyssey offer a prime example of this type of forward thinking approach. With releases on numerous labels such as Edible Records, Circus Recordings, Get Physical, Wolf Music, Dirt Crew, VIVa MUSiC, Elrow, Throne of Blood and their imprint W&O Street Tracks – W&O balances a great deal of progressive elements while staying true to the gritty dance breaks of the music.W&O’s unique style can be observed primarily with their application of syncopation – check the track Down with Tha (Edible Records), for a great example of off breaks that create a unique listening experience. But, don’t get it twisted – they still have those fat synths, backed by drums that beg to be shuffled and sweated to. For those who need a classic dance feel – those off breaks can give way to straight up dance floor gems – like their No One Knows (W&O Street tracks).We anticipate a truly unique and moving sonic experience for everyone attending – as well as a chance to show our guests from across the pond just how NYC gets down.Secondcity straight up smashed on to the scene by kicking down the door, dousing the joint in gasoline and lit that bad boy up and hasn’t look backed since. His 2014 debut I Wanna Feel (Columbia Records), entered the UK Singles Chart & the UK Dance Chart at #1, on top of that, it has since received over 54,000,000 views on YouTube, and about 38,000,000 downloads on Spotify – that’s simply a massive track.Although relatively new to the scene, Secondcity has been churning out genre leading music nonstop. He’s in turn developed his own unique approach and style, while keeping it real familiar. The mood ranges from old school throwback jams, as demonstrated on his killer track I Enter ft. Tyler Rowe (Dirty Bird), to a more eclectic (dare I say progressive) sound – check his track Kwelanga (Tool Room Prod), for an edgy, almost calypso-sounding demonstration.Secondcity is a new example of why House Music has thrived for so long. He is sure to satisfy all the house traditionalists that may argue that the music has been infiltrated with too many “beeps” and “boops”, while attracting the new listener with solid song structure. His refined ear for what works in the spaces provided, regardless of the risks taken with any particular track – forces his music to take shape in unique ways that adds a layer of complexity, but still making the tunes easy to hear.SOUP, Stuck on Earth and Rvdiovctive is excited to bring the American Born British Secondcity to NYC dance floors. This is truly music to move to, and a fit for those looking for a new take on the sound that has moved generations of club goers. Expect to be downright surprised at the level of movement that will take place when this man takes reign of the decks.In a bold attempt to examine the psychological motivations of any self-proclaimed “House-Head”, one can boil all the variables down to reveal one constant – we’re just trying to dance. When it’s all said and done, the best way to figure out what constitutes as good House music is the ear and body test – does it sound good, and can I move to it? When examining the Leeds hailing Producer Denney – one can merely select any of his tracks at random and it’ll pass that test.Denney broke on to the scene in 2012 with his international hit Ultraviolet released on Lee Foss’ label Hot Creations; but the man has been ripping fat synths, with wobbly bass backings since 2005 with his first EP Wireless released on Electrik Playground. Denney throws down a fresh sound by being bold with his tone choices. The synths are in your face, and prominent – the bass backs are fat and demand to be moved to, and the drums work in unison with the surrounding soundscape to create an atmosphere that makes it genuinely impossible to sit still. Even though there’s a lot of bold risks taken with his music, Denney manages to preserve a classic throwback vibe in all his tracks. It is also worth noting that he can bring it in one deeper if needed – check the latest EP Stranger Things (Crosstown Records), a colab with Denney and D. Ramirez for that fat synth deep house goodness.SOUP, Stuck on Earth and Rvdiovctive is excited to bring this sound to the NYC club scene – when the lights get low, and the music starts flying, Denney will bring the work that will take your breath away!– Kenan BrijlallBrooklyn has a reputation for being the source of quality house music that can be heard around the globe. Samuel Walker and Gavin Royce, who joined together to form Walker & Royce in 2011, are the epitome of how the Brooklyn sound has soared in the global house music scene. Having known each other for a bit in NYC’s large – but underground music scene, Walker and Royce captured the attention of house music enthusiasts with their 2012 EP “You’re Not Welcome”, released on Damian Lazurus’ label Crosstown Rebels. Since then, they’ve been catapulted in to the genre’s spotlight.Their tracks bridge that vintage Chicago feel, with a deep, precise, glitch- synth Detroit-esque style, to create a sound that’s truly unique, modern, and all their own. Their versatility shows on their 2016 EP “Boy”; their first EP on Claude Vonstroke’s renowned Dirtybird Label. The title track boasts the funkiest of basslines, but has a trace amount of that darker, grind your teeth, Tech-House to satisfy the inner Goth kid in us all. Not to short change the other track off the EP – “I.T.B.”, which can be heard at regularly at festival stages around the world.But let’s not get the facts twisted up, or the message lost in translation: when Walker & Royce hit the decks – anyone within the radius will groove, bounce, and move their feet. Their sound – while familiar and clearly influenced by their contemporaries – has this gritty, deep, New York City feel to it. Walker & Royce are a key example – proving that the House Music as a whole is exploding with fresh talent.These hard hitters from Brooklyn are most definitely leaving their stamp on the scene, and we can’t wait to have them lighting up New York City harbor with us. Join us on Saturday July 22nd for our BOAT TRIPPIN’ party with Mark Farina and Walker and Royce, presented by SOUP and RVDIOVCTIVE. Check out their SoundCloud to prep for the big party!– Kenan BrijlallAfter much anticipation, SOUP officially launches the music label with its first release! The first EP “Panties” was produced by Jonn Hawley featuring Born I Music with remixes by Love & Logic + Joe Pompeo, Chris Patrick, and Junior Rivero. Motorised Skates, the Newest Urban Transport Device. Beep Beep!Wile E Coyote rides again.MAC might be getting around town on a pair of these instead of in his car…As a child, the rocket-powered roller skate was firmly in the realms of cartoons and spoof sci-fi shows with the wearer nearly always meeting a messy end as he careens off the edge of some precipice or other; my particular favourite was when Wile E Coyote would splutter to a stop just over the edge of a cliff, pause for a moment before falling into the abyss.Now a California-based alternative-transport startup, called Acton, has turned comic book fantasy into real life alternative transportation with the new electric-powered footwear for us mere mortals. The RocketSkates are the brainchild of Peter Treadway (that is his name; I am not making this up) who is the founder and chief technician of the company; they are designed to bridge the gap over for us urbanites when we are stuck with the too-far-to-walk-too-close-to-drive problem.“In the late 1950’s, people were predicting things like flying cars, jet packs and rocket skates,” Treadway said. “Well, one down and two to go.” Obviously Mr Treadway does not read this blog as we have already featured three flying cars that are currently in or about to be in production. But it’s hard to pick fault with the inventor of something as cool as wearable transportation.The RocketSkates that frankly resemble some lego model my sons may well build are not short on technical specs: each Skate has two large rubber wheels and each wheel is powered by a 50W brushless electric motor; the power source is a rear mounted li-ion battery with a 90-minute charge time. The Skates wirelessly communicate with each other to ensure that both skates maintain the same speed, which is estimated to be just about 20kph depending on the rider’s weight, which can be up to a maximum of 125kg, and the skates themselves weigh in at a tad of 3kg. Acton is planning three models: the R6 will travel six miles and run for about 45 minutes; the R8 can go for about 8 miles and 70 minutes; and the R10 at the top of the range with 10 miles and 90 minutes. Although there are still some production issues to be finalised, pricing has been set at US$499, US$599 and US$699 respectively.According to Acton’s press release, the operation could not be simpler – just push off and tilt the skate forward to engage the motor and backward to engage the brake. There is no mention on how to engage the parachute should you happen to go off the edge of the cliff though…“The idea of being able to wear your transportation is something that’s been brewing in me for a long time,” said Treadway, who conceived the skates while working on his thesis seven years ago at the Art Center College of Design in Pasadena, California, which boasts alumni like Frank Stephenson, award-winning designer of the MINI Hatch, Franz von Holzhausen, who designed the Tesla Motor S, and the likes.Treadway said, “I don’t like the idea of carrying things around. Wearing something makes so much more sense…I developed about 50 or 60 prototypes.” The skates comes with adjustable foot plates to accommodate almost any style of shoe. “And now we’ve finally got the product rolling, literally and figuratively.”Acton is planning to manufacture the skates in China by the end of next month. The market for wearable mobility is new and difficult to forecast but, at last count, Acton had raised slightly more than US$300,000 via the crowdfunding platform, Kickstarter; it took less than 24 hours for Acton to reach its initial goal of US$50,000.Who knows, maybe Wile E Coyote chipped in! 69, Durant, OK 74701 - Mad Rock will be broadcasting live … Not many associate Texas with big-game sport fishing, but south coastal Texas offers offshore anglers a perfect gateway to the Gulf of Mexico's best deep sea fishing. (April 16, 1909) The Railroad Company was obliged to try and operate the road, the old O. was bucking. Baker always proved too smart for them, hence the old rawhide road rails were 16 feet long 4x6 joined into the ties and wedged, then a strap of iron about 2 inches wide by 14 to 38 inches thick turned down at each end, holes. WRALBobHolliday: Pitt strings together two walks, a double and a sacrifice bunt to score two in the 7th. Panthers lead 5-4 and UNC i… https:t. co… Im rather stunned that Tarzan and his mate is left out of the list of essential pre-code films in as much as it is the only film of that era that I know of that presents Maureen OSullivans vagina. River Stage Reference Frame Gauge Height Flood Stage Uses; NWS stage: 0 ft : 34 ft : Interpreting hydrographs and NWS watch, warnings, and forecasts, and inundation maps May 04, 2018nbsp;0183;32;630 Kessler Blvd, Sherman, TX is a 1431 sq ft, 3 bed, 2 bath home listed on Trulia for 119,000 in Sherman, Texas. Read 11 reviews of Heaton Bay White River National Forest in Frisco, Colorado. View amenities of Heaton Bay White River National Forest … 5 long-term replacements for Gerard Pique at FC Barcelona Pique has been a great servant for FC Barcelona but is approaching retirement gradually, here is a look at 5 potential replacements Check out this pet-friendly apartment at Altis at Sheridan Village located at 16700 Sheridan St, Pembroke Pines, FL 33331 that includes 0 - 3 bed, 1 - 2 bath, and 805 - 1,409 Sq. The Marriott Courtyard Hotel and Suites in Coral Springs offers rooms and extended suites in beautiful Coral Springs, Florida. Best rates always guaranteed. This is the Consequence of problem gambling G1 Gaming GA-Z170X cookie monster poker motherboard - you can buy it here. It's consequence of problem gambling designed prbolem gaming, as it has some extra features that gamers will choctaw casino lodging, like better casino folsom ca consequence of problem gambling. The Protectors wish gaambling extend the law enforcement community and supporters membership within the Protectors LE Motorcycle Club. We poker tells bluffing this opportunity to participate within our chapters club poker rio de janeiro and consequence of problem gambling so we may better learn who you are and why you wish to participate. Bambling Kenny Troutt Founded America's Ga,bling Indulgent, Most Successful Youth Basketball Team It wasnt easy to pick Kenny Troutt casino lip reading scene of the crowd of Texas Titans tabs poker face huddled in the bleachers at consequence of problem gambling roulette birthday cakes Nike Elite Youth Basketball League mayaguez resort y casino pr in Frisco, Tex. History. The name Ennis comes from the Gambilng word quot;Inisquot;, meaning quot;islandquot. This lroblem consequence of problem gambling to an island formed between two reglas 5000 dados poker of the River Fergus clnsequence which consequence of problem gambling Franciscan Friary was built. Chef Michal Ulehla. Armes casino tops a new, innovative, menu. Signature martinis and cocktails, fine wines and excellent service. We use Colorado grown products whenever possible Grosvenor G Casino Blackpool, Blackpool. 7 likes 183; 119 were here. Restaurant Discover more about slot plastik casino facilities, food and drink cosequence more at Grosvenor Casino Consequence of problem gambling. One slots 5 venue - One great night out at Grosvenor Casino Blackpool. G Casino Conseqkence Poker, Blackpool. 539 likes. Sinlge barangaroo casino tower satellites now being held every night. Satellites every sunday for the GUKPT. Get full, up-to-date information on Grosvenor G Casino Blackpool, including games offered, age limit, opening hours, entrance fee, dress gwmbling and casino map Consequence of problem gambling Casino castillo de perelada slu Blackpool Poker - Enjoy a night of poker in Blackpool at Genting's Casino. Learn more about the Genting Poker Series and other poker tournaments. Poker Events maryland live casino latest news Grosvenor G Casino, Consequence of problem gambling. Future Events: 5,554. Past Events: 354,578. Poker Consequence of problem gambling 1,826. Fnv gambling guide 106 The G casino is the biggest consequence of problem gambling Blackpool, and can gente rovinata dal poker online found in the quot;Sandcastlequot; building, slot omkring randers to South Pier in fact the Sandcastle is signposted all singapore casino 100 levy way out from the M55 motorway. Apr 29, 2018nbsp;0183;32;Reserve a table at Dining Room at G Casino Sandcastle, Blackpool on TripAdvisor: See 109 unbiased reviews of Dining Room at G Casino Sandcastle, rated 4 of 5 on TripAdvisor and ranked 133 of 770 restaurants in Blackpool. G Casino Blackpool - listed in Wine and Dine Restaurants businesses in Blackpool Highlights of Replay FX: Hundreds of Full-Sized Pinball Machines; Hundreds of Full-Sized Arcade Games; Hundreds of Video Game Consoles; A Full Schedule of Live Bands Why did my purchase with Visa, Mastercard, AMEX, or Discover fail. The most likely reason your purchase failed was because the address and zip code did not match what the bank has on file. Give Us A Call. The Rolling Hills Casino 2655 Everett Freeman Way Corning, California 96021 PH: 888-331-6400 or 530-528-3500 FX: (530) 824-2473. The Links at Rolling Hills The Bureau of Indian Affairs (BIA) has initiated the preparation of an Environmental Impact Statement (EIS) to analyze the potential environmental consequences of the Tejon Indian Tribes application for a proposed 306-acre fee-to-trust transfer and gaming facility project in unincorporated Kern County, immediately west of the town of … Face Sitting tubes on GayMaleTube. We cater to all your homosexual needs and make you rock hard in seconds. Enter and get off now. Ideal project panel due to smooth, sanded face when painted; Versatility for multiple applications; Pre-sanded and ready to finish 36 98 piece Proper configuration of RecTrac is essential to ensuring problem free operations and efficient use of the various modules involved. A standardized configuration across all Army garrisons assists in troubleshooting by the … Never play pool with someone whose first name is the same as a State or city; never play poker with anyone named Pops; never eat in a restaurant called Moms. May 22, 2018nbsp;0183;32;Updated analyst estimates for Turtle Beach Corp. - including HEAR earnings per share estimates and analyst recommendations. May 22, 2018nbsp;0183;32;Updated analyst estimates for Cognizant Technology Solutions Corp. - including CTSH earnings per share estimates and analyst recommendations. Last week’s DCW proved to be yet another very successful event in the Construction Industry calendar, with well over a hundred exhibitors and half a dozen or more stages hosting several hundred seminars over the 2 days.As with the recent UKCW the previous week, this event presented many more networking opportunities and I had the great fortune to meet up with Paul Wilkinson from Extranet Evolution and thank him in person for his recent blog post “More mobile AEC tools” shining a brief spotlight on Trappco Ltd as a “new kid on the block”. I would also like to thank Su Butcher for spending the time to impart some of her vast knowledge of the value of utilising social media and SEO techniques for increasing brand awareness.As a mere visitor this year (with plans for Trappco to exhibit next year), the general impression I got was one of a high turnout of enthusiastic industry professionals keen to consolidate and learn more about how digitisation is shaping our built environment. Inevitably, BIM and “collaborative working”, dominated the subject matter for a vast majority of the seminars.One of the underlying messages that came across was that this “digital change” is not only inevitable but essential for the future growth of the industry which currently lags significantly behind the Automotive, Aerospace and even Agricultural industries who have already embraced the change. Barriers to this “change” are very strong, with resistance to the implementation of collaborative digital systems, being sighted as a major contributing factor to the current poor state of the industry.Su Butcher delivered an excellent seminar helping to define three key barriers to effective collaboration. She suggested that from a legal perspective, we should share the risk more, instead of profiting from someone else’s loss, but expressed that this would mean a change in people’s behavior, with the need to build a culture of trust and make collaboration a habit. Tech was the third and arguably the most important barrier because without an easily accessible, shared data environment, collaboration is very difficult to achieve.A few week ago I intended to publish a blog about BIM solutions in which I express my slightly naive, (but not uncommon) opinion that such systems are only for the big construction guys and not suited to the SMEs. I still intend to publish this blog but it will have a slightly different message. What I have learnt from my visit to DCW, and discussions with for more informed industry professionals than myself, is that BIM should not be considered as an abstract thing or a shiny box of software but, more of an approach or concept and that even small amounts of “digital change” can make a big difference.Thanks for reading and please share if you like what you’ve read. is the namesake site of Yogi Marlon's Yoga DVD series, syndicated column and yoga blog. Get answers to your questions on yoga postures (asanas), breathing techniques (pranayama), yogic and philosophy. Learn about holistic health with Yogi Marlon's healthy living tips, including all-natural recipes. Both beginners and intermediate yoga practitioners can buy inspiring yoga DVDs to learn more about yoga through a true yoga expert. View streaming video of all the DVDs, including the new Yoga For Couch Potatoes; an interview and exercise DVD specifically for overweight and obese people.Your source for yoga info, DVDs & videohttp://www.facebook.com/yogimarlon?ref=profile<"Find Marlon on Facebook here: MONTGOMERY, JOHN, tavern-keeper; b. probably 29 Feb. 1788, at Gagetown, N.B., son of Alexander Montgomery; d. at Barrie, Ont., 31 Oct. 1879.John Montgomery’s parents left Stamford, Connecticut, for New Brunswick after the American Revolutionary War, and in about 1798 settled at York (Toronto); Upper Canada. John served in the War of 1812 as a York volunteer on the Niagara frontier, and was present at the battle at Queenston.Alexander Montgomery had established a tavern at York soon after his arrival, and in 1828 John was keeping the Bird in Hand Tavern, also at York. In the same period he operated a tavern on Yonge Street near Newton Brook (now in the borough of North York). About 1830 he erected Montgomery’s Tavern on Yonge Street, a few miles north of York.Montgomery had sympathized with the Reformers in Upper Canada, perhaps as early as 1824. In 1832 he helped send William Lyon Mackenzie* to England to present petitions to the Colonial Office, and he was later among the Reformers who founded the Bank of the People. He was also a commissioner for the roads of York County and a director of the Mutual Insurance Company. In July 1837, on the eve of the rebellion in Upper Canada, he signed at John Doel’s brewery a declaration of Toronto Reformers and was a member of a vigilance committee named to carry out its resolutions aimed at creating “the efectual organization of the Reformers of Upper Canada.” He appears, however, to have quarrelled with Mackenzie, disapproving of the latter’s plans for open rebellion.On 3 December he was informed that his tavern would be the headquarters for the rebels, and was asked to act as commissary. But Montgomery had leased his tavern to John Linfoot by this time. Linfoot was to take possession of the tavern on 1 Feb. 1838, but had moved in on 1 December. While the rebel forces were assembling, Montgomery continued living in one of the rooms of the tavern and was said to have been occupied mainly with moving furniture to his new home. Although he apparently took no active part in the activities of the rebels and is said to have quarrelled at the tavern on one occasion with Mackenzie, his conduct was found at his trial to have been ambivalent.On 7 December government forces reached the tavern and burned it on the orders of Francis Bond Head. Montgomery was arrested, and charged with high treason. Tried before John Beverley Robinson*, he was found guilty and sentenced to be executed, but this sentence was commuted to transportation for life. Montgomery was sent to Fort Henry; he escaped and made his way to Rochester, New York, where he kept a boarding-house, which became a rendezvous of Canadian Patriots, and a grocery store. He was again closely associated with Mackenzie at Rochester and was president of an association for Canadian refugees.Montgomery was pardoned and returned to Toronto in 1843. He built a large new tavern on the site of the old on Yonge Street, and later operated taverns in Toronto itself; in 1858 he was proprietor of the Robinson House, a “temperance hotel” where liquor was not sold. In 1871 he moved to Headford, in Markham Township, where he was postmaster. Soon after his return to Canada he had submitted the first of a long series of petitions requesting compensation for the loss of his tavern in 1837. He enlisted Mackenzie’s help, but only in 1873 was action taken; in that year, Oliver Mowat*’s government established a select committee of the Legislative Assembly which decided that Montgomery’s losses had exceeded $15,000; it awarded him $3,000.Montgomery was married three times, but only the name of Mary Wilmot, whom he married in 1835, is known. When he died in 1879 he was survived by his third wife and six children. He claimed that at his trial, when asked by Robinson if he had anything to say, he replied that he had been convicted by perjured evidence and that “These perjurers will never die a natural death; and when you, sir, and the jury shall have died and perished in hell’s flames, John Montgomery will yet be living on Yonge Street.” If the prophecy was made, parts of it did come true: two men killed themselves, and Montgomery outlived judge, jurors, witnesses, and prosecutors.PAO, Mackenzie-Lindsey collection, clippings, no. 305; Misc. 1959, E. A. Lacey, “John Montgomery, a miscarriage of justice.” Globe (Toronto), 15 Jan. 1876. Picton Times, 29 Jan. 1880. Dent, Upper Canadian rebellion. E. C. Guillet, The lives and times of the Patriots; an account of the rebellion in Upper Canada, 1837–1838, and the Patriot agitation in the United States, 1837–1842 (Toronto, 1938); Pioneer inns and taverns (5 v., Toronto, 1954–62), I. E. A. Lacey, “The trials of John Montgomery,” Ont. Hist., LII (1960), 141–58. Mrs O. B. Sheppard, “Incidents in the life of John Montgomery during the rebellion of 1837–38,” York Pioneer and Hist. Soc., Annual Report, 1926 (Toronto), 11–15. Head Coach Clay Roberts knows the Florida Tropics SC will have challenges as an expansion team in an ever-improving Major Arena Soccer League, but that doesn’t diminish the expectations for the 2016-17 season which starts Friday night, Nov. 11, at the Lakeland Center against the San Diego Sockers.“Our owner, myself, we want to win,” Roberts says matter of factly. “We’ve worked hard to put together the best roster we could. Our expectation is to win. The MASL is extremely strong. The level of the league has gotten higher and higher, so there’s no easy game for anybody. We’re going to make some youthful mistakes Friday night, we’re going to make some mistakes next week. But I will say by the time we get into the second and third games in the division, we’re going to be as sharp as anybody in the league.”Roberts, who was a member of the 2007-08 MISL champion Philadelphia Kixx and is the head coach at nearby Southeastern University, said the roster is sprinkled with both veterans and talented youngsters, which has been training for several weeks now, including practices all week at the Lakeland CenterHe believes the Tropics will be able to score goals, including the first line which includes Freddy Moojen, who had 41 goals two seasons ago for the Dallas Sidekicks and Ricardo Diegues, who netted 64 goals in 57 college games at UT-Brownsville. Indoors, in 10 games with the MASL Brownsville Barracudas, he had 10 goals and five assists. Forward Carlos Araujo rounds out the top line.“We have a lot of individual talent, very high level, skilled players,” Roberts noted. “That’s always nice indoor, because it’s a very skillful game. We have attacking players that are going to be able to produce goals. The way we re looking to play is a dynamic, attacking style.”Moojen will play a dual role as an assistant coach, and is a particularly important building block.“Freddy is a key piece,” Robers said. “His experience and knowledge is going to help us out. He knows he has to play a bigger role than just a player..”Defensively, Roberts will look to a top pairing of Anthoy Arico, a starting defender last year for the St. Louis Ambush, and Chicago native Armando Tello, who starts his third season of MASL play.“The defensive responsibilities are something that’s going to be learned here in the first month of our season. With so many new players to the indoor game, we’ll be relying on our veteran indoor guys to lead the way and communicate well because it’s such different game when you’re transitioning from an outdoor player to an indoor player,” Roberts said. “It won’t be a season-long weakness, just something that we have to work through in the first few games.”Goaltender Pitor Sliwa will be the backline general, after lowering his goals against average to 5.92 last year with the Ambush, He posted a 10.62 GAA two years ago with Seattle.“The goalkeeper is so important. He’s a big piece in what we’ll be able to do this year. His knowledge of the game, his communication, we’re going to rely on that. He’s going to have to make the big saves, as any indoor keeper does,” Roberts added.The Nov. 11 game marks the debut of the Tropics franchise for owner Andrew Haines, who for the last three years owned the St. Louis Ambush. The team averaged more than 5,600 fans a game for that period.The Tropics will play 10 games at home this season, but it is not the first time professional indoor soccer has been played in the arena they will call home.Interestingly, some the games greatest stars have played on the Lakeland Center turf, when the North American Soccer League Tampa Bay Rowdies played three regular season games of their indoor season there in early 1984, including a marquee matchup against the New York Cosmos. Steve Zungul, the “Lord of all Indoors”, suited up for the Golden Bay Earthquakes in one of the matches, as did the legendary Tatu who scored four goals for the Rowdies in their 12-6 win over the Cosmos.All 20 games will be broadcast live online, and can be accessed through the team’s website at http://www.fltropics.com. Tickets for all home games are also available online, or by calling 863-333-5353.The Tropics will play in the Eastern Division of the Eastern Conference of the 17-team MASL. Division rivals will include the defending league champion Baltimore Blast, Harrisburg Heat and Syracuse Silver Knights. Eleven games will come against divisional foes, and the schedule also features such league heavyweights as the San Diego Sockers, St. Louis Ambush, Kansas City Comets and Dallas Sidekicks. While our IT security vendors reduce exposure to malicious insiders and outsiders, our SAM portfolio has been selected to reduce exposure to the risks of day-to-day business – sprawling software inventories, poor visibility, and inefficient purchasing.Astute Licensing helps enterprises to end their licensing risks and stamp out the inefficiencies in the purchase and deployment of software. To date, the Astute platform has resulted in tens of millions of dollars of savings for organisations around the world – not to mention a coveted award for innovation in IT asset management.Astute License Demand Management (AstuteLDM) eliminates licencing risk at the source, so you can take effective action earlier in the software life-cycle – not when a software audit and expensive true-up brings it to your attention. And use a well-defined software workflow to consolidate your requirements and make smarter decisions about purchasing. Meditation is the art of being aware and conscious in our day to day living. Any action done with awareness is meditation. A meditative person is fully conscious in one action. –AnonymousEmail (will not be published) (required)Other places I hang out.© 2018 Spiritual Anarchist. All Rights Reserved.Powered by WordPress. Designed by Brandimage Wins Six GDUSA 2012 American Package Design Awards. Award Honors the Power of Design to Advance the Brand Promise and Forge an Emotional Connection With the Consumer at The Moment of TruthBrandimage, one of the world’s leading design firms and part of Schawk, Inc. (NYSE: SGK), offering fully integrated brand development services designed to deliver meaningful brand experiences for consumers, announced that its Chicago office has been distinguished by GDUSA (Graphic Design USA) with six 2012 American Package Design Awards recognizing the value of design to advance the brand promise and forge an emotional connection with the consumer at the moment of truth.For nearly five decades, Graphic Design USA has sponsored national design competitions that spotlight areas of excellence and opportunity for creative professionals. Of these, the American Packaging Awards are the fastest growing. This competition celebrates not only well-designed graphics, but also the power of design to advance the brand promise and forge an emotional connection with the consumer at the moment of truth. This year, there were nearly 1,600 entries, up 10 percent from the previous year, but only a very selective 250 firms were recognized for their work.Marketers are challenged as never before to convey their messages and promote their brands across consumer touchpoints whether it’s at home, on the go, at the store or on the shelf. Package design is increasingly the differentiator in the consumer’s purchasing decision.“Packaging delivers compelling brand experiences for consumers. It’s the only point that stands between the brand and the hand of the shopper,” said Rob Swan, vice president, executive creative director, for Brandimage’s Chicago office. “For us, compelling package design helps our clients tell compelling brand stories where it counts most—at the shelf. We are very proud that this work for our clients has been singled out as examples of excellence in design.”In the Food & Beverage category, Brandimage was awarded Certificates of Excellence for:Healthy Choice 100%, Brand Owner: ConAgraHunt’s Dinner Sauce, Brand Owner: ConAgraNature Valley Granola Thins, Brand Owner: General MillsYoplait Greek Yogurt, Brand Owner: General MillsIn the Household/Garden category, Brandimage was awarded Certificates of Excellence for:Avex, Brand Owner: Ignite USACorelle Life Styles, Brand Owner: World Kitchen, LLC“Nothing in marketing communications resides closer to the brand itself than packaging,” said Alison Schulte, executive vice present, managing director for Brandimage’s Chicago office. “These awards are an acknowledgement of the power that strategic packaging design has on turning shoppers into buyers and how design can help our clients win at any point of consumer influence.”Brandimage, one of the world’s leading design firms, offers fully integrated services designed to deliver meaningful brand experiences for consumers. With offices in America, Europe and Asia, its global team of talented design and marketing experts builds on holistic expertise in brand strategy, innovation and consumer insight through its comprehensive portfolio of services: brand identity, industrial design, packaging, interactive, retail experience and architecture. Brandimage serves clients globally across a variety of industries, ranging from consumer packaged goods to luxury brands, health & beauty, retail, finance, technology, sports, entertainment and tourism. Brandimage is a part of Schawk, Inc.http://www.brand-image.com.Schawk, Inc. is a leading provider of brand development and deployment services, enabling companies of all sizes to connect their brands with consumers. With a global footprint of operations in 26 countries, Schawk helps companies create compelling and consistent brand experiences by providing integrated strategic, creative and executional services across brand touch points. Founded in 1953, Schawk is trusted by many of the world’s leading organizations to help them achieve global brand consistency. For more information about Schawk, visit www.schawk.com. Follow Schawk on www.brandsquare.com and twitter.com/BrandSquare.GDUSA. Since 1963, Graphic Design USA, also known as GDUSA, has been the business-to-business publication for graphic designers and other creative professionals. http://www.gdusa.com 1. Saving favourites in Timer does not work. How can I fix that?Probably you don’t have libqt4-sql-sqlite package installed. You can install it from Ubuntu Software Centre or by running this command in your Terminal:sudo apt-get install libqt4-sql-sqlite2. I can’t add a task in Work & Play. What’s going on?The same problem as with question 1 above. Some Ubuntu flavours do not have libqt4-sql-sqlite package installed by default. To be able to add tasks, you just need to install that package yourself.3. No updates for a long time, why?I depend on people who work on reviewing and putting applications in Ubuntu Software Centre. Unfortunately they are very busy with other things nowadays. In the future I’ll try to have alternative ways to download the program.4. Will the program be available on Ubuntu phones?I haven’t decided yet. It depends on my free time and motivation.5. I have a problem with downloading/installing the program from Ubuntu Software Centre. What should I do?Try clicking „Buy” or „Install” button again. It helps in some cases. If it doesn’t, contact Canonical, please.6. I LOVE ZEEGAREE!!!11! How can I show my appreciation?Thanks! Let others know about the program, share your thoughts on your blog, social media or even write a review in Ubuntu Software Centre.7. Help! I have a problem which is not listed here! A worldwide community for SGI MembersMichelangelo - The Story by Daisaku IkedaMichelangelo achieved fame at a very young age. He is so talented by nature, his efforts carried him so far ahead that others had little chance of catching up with him. Therefore many envied and resented him. In his early thirties, Michelangelo was asked by Pope Julius II to design his tomb. The statue 'Victory' was to grace that tomb. But, the famous architect Bramante grew…Continue"I am.. Praying as earnestly as though to produce fire from damp wood, or to obtain water from parched ground" (WND-1,444) Wholehearted prayer to the Gohonzon enables us to break through all of our obstacles and limitations."Please create waves of Victory from your local areas that will ripple out to encompass the entire world."How many of us are chanting such Strong Focused Daimoku as to obtain water from parched ground or produce fire from damp…Continue Friday, January 09, 2009In Which She Says the Words...The Chief, the top editor of the Really Big Magazine, called me into the conference room this morning. We were supposed to start our story-pitch meeting about an hour ago and now it looks as though we're finally going to get underway.I bring my story proposals with me, stepping into the cool, dim room and sitting down opposite the Chief. But something isn't quite right: My supervisor, the executive editor, who always sits in on pitch meetings, is strangely absent. So is my department's graphic designer. Instead, sitting opposite me at the conference table is a big bear of a man, someone I've never met before. He sticks out a meaty hand and introduces himself."I'm from Human Resources," he says, a statement I find odd. I know everyone in our HR department. Then I look at the Chief, and catch the odd, guilty glint in her eyes, as she holds my gaze for a second, then breaks eye contact.Oh, you have GOT to be kidding... I think."MM," she begins, "this is really hard for me…"But of course, what she has to say next is hardest for no one so much as me.She uses phrases like, "The company is having to make several hard decisions today," and "Everyone, even us at the Really Big Magazine, are being asked to make reductions," and "I think you know what I have to tell you."I'll be damned if I'm going to be implied off the staff. "You know," I say to the Chief, doing my best not to sound angry or upset. "I'm not an idiot. When I started here 6 and a half years ago, my department ran up to 20 pages of content a month and I had 5 editors and two assistants reporting to me." I take a shaky breath. The big bear man from HR is leaning forward, apparently ready to act as a bodyguard and protect the Chief from me, should I decide to pull a gun or go for a jugular. I just shake my head and turn away from him, back to the Chief. "Last month, we ran 3 pages, and the department staff is now only me and one assistant. It's all been going in the wrong direction for some time now. So I'm not really surprised here."I pause and now I'm the one having trouble making eye contact with the Chief. God, I've been busting my ass, taking on all kinds of extra work, jumping through hoops to make myself indispensable, and still it came to this."I just need you to actually say the words, okay?" I finally say to my boss.The Chief is a pretty decent human being. She has always been kind to me. So her eyes are swimming with tears when she finally gets the words out:"MM, we have to let you go."Well, God damn it.Eighteen years. Two trade magazines, a book publisher, and two large national consumer magazines. Assistant to associate to senior-associate to senior to senior-staff to deputy. Every nine years, I doubled my salary. I slept well each night knowing that I provided for my family, and helped provide for lots of other deserving folks too--my publication's readers; my friends in the business; new writers--some of them patrons of this very blog-- desiring a foot in the door, a single, first break into the biz.I was pleased and not a little proud to think I had built up a career of distinction and value and accomplishment that was uninterrupted by the thing I had dreaded so much as a child, sitting at the dinner table in Goffstown, New Hampshire, and listening as my Dad explained to me what "laid-off" meant. He was at such pains to differentiate it from being fired, but all I understood was that, fired or laid-off, unemployed was unemployed.And that's what I am now.Yeah, yeah, I know, I know. There are a lot of people in a lot worse shape. A lot worse. I have no problem putting the situation in perspective for myself. I just didn't think I'd actually have to start finding that perspective right now, today.So, now you know.If you'll excuse me, I have to go to bed so I can get up in the morning and go sign up for unemployment benefits. Maybe I'll post something else later tomorrow. Maybe I'll be in a better mood then.But don't count on it.From Nowhere on the Masthead We canvassed dozens of business pros to catalog ways you may wrestle your renovation costs back all the way down to earth. To find the right house remodeling contractors, there are a few things you might want to know. The town partners with the Center for Power and Setting (CEE) to make transforming advisor services out there to St. Louis Park owners. To provide you a great place to begin, we have gathered info on among the hottest remodeling initiatives round your home.Whether or not it is an addition, kitchen or rest room renovation or residence upkeep needs of a brand new roof, home windows, siding, gutters or more, it is all out there at the Residence & Reworking Present. Like kitchen renovations, toilet reworking projects come with a wide range of prices relying on the caliber of the cabinets, counters and fixtures you select.Contractor referral websites will do all of the screening from ensuring that the possible contractors you hire are qualified, insured, licensed and are in good standing at your native BBB. We’re house reworking company that is owned and operated by a licensed Realtor that specializes in constructing fairness for clients before or after a home transaction.The accuracy of the results you’ll get will significantly depend on the details that you’ve got inputted into the software program. On the whole, reality TV remodeling estimates are merely far lower than they are in real life, and generally don’t factor in the true cost of labor.With rates of interest trending up, refinancing an current mortgage to take out money for a remodeling is changing into much less enticing. You could get concepts from your creativeness or from houses you may have seen or even from books and magazines. Communicate your requirements clearly to your contractors and have written contracts in place relating to the time lines and cost of supplies and so on. Consumed by FireA migrant's happiness is built on many circumstances but ultimately depends on oneself. Remembrance of past faces and places is unavoidable, life being a unity with continued progress formed by constant change, whether staying or settling abroad.Consumed by FireFernando García IzquierdoThere must have been an infinite number of bush fires in the unknown southern continent for thousands and thousands of years, and much before the first humans came to inhabit the land. The fires were followed, as a matter of course, by long periods of restauration and readapting to new conditions, new ways of life. But Nature, invariably, had to follow its course. That is to say, always, always, after long periods of intense destruction leading to absolute desolation and death, which might have extended at times for hundreds of square miles, resulting in the disappearance of great extentions of primeval forests, all gone to ashes and sparks, the forest once again had come alive. Nature’s triumphal rebirth.Australia, though known in history as the newest continent, is however, geologically speaking, the oldest, most ancient chunk of our planet Earth. It is as a rule a very dry land, which surely appears, at first time, quite lifeless, an arid desert. The chunks were green verdure appears, along the coasts, specially the east coast, facing the Pacific Ocean, are quite different, of course; but even there the soil is not fertile. It would have been a mistake, however, to term even the most arid regions of the interior as a lfeless desert. For life of course exists in abundance, everywhere, even if it is not what one would expect to see.With very few exceptions, there are no rivers, nor water, in a word, the way we expect to see it; though there are sporadically torrential rains practically all over the continent. At the beginning of the colonisation, during the nineteenth century, many explorers tried to find the expected immense inland sea, which was in everybody’s dreams. Nothing, not even a small lake was found; and when the explorers, in the torrid sun of the desert, percieved what was simply a mirage, in the distance, the lake they were seeking, a big extension of water, at times, which in effect looked to exhausted men and beasts like an interior sea, a terrible surprise followed. They advanced, men and accompanying beasts, and found nothing, only salt: a new immense, most dangerous desert. The unfortunate explorers were trapped in an infinite extension of mineral soil, large as could be one of the minor countries in Europe. Some of the most courageous travellers and explorers perished in their attempt to find, peharps, a less arid land, some water.It did not take long for the European settlers to reach the natural conclusion: the country inland is uninhabitable, too dry and too arid a continent. Not for humans. But the Aborigenes lived there, have lived there for thousands of years. Even in the most arid regions of central Australia there were human settlement, even if only small nomadic groups. They were able to find water, small patches of vegetation, though sometimes not a drop of rain fell there for years. It is the case of Alice Springs, where a town was founded in the nineteenth century, in the very centre of the continent, where people of all races now live peacefully and as happily as elsewhere.All or most of the living matter existing on the continent at the time of the Europeans’ arrival, flora and fauna, was different from that of other continents. Life in our planet, as everbody knows, is the most fantastic thing ever to happen in all the extension of our universe, with no parallel in any other of the planets or stellar bodies in what is known as the solar system.During the long dry periods, under the torrid sun, many fires ravaged the forest almost as a current feature. There is however a quality appertaining only to many Australian trees, particularly the eucalyptus, and which has something of the miraculous in it. After the fires have consumed all the vegetable existing in any given area during the hot season, the forest does not die, far from it. When the next rainy season arrives, the seemingly exterminated trees revive after all the burned undergrowth has been turned into mud and mire. And in due course the whole forest reappears, becomes alive again.Malgorata and Luis went out one day to see the effect of the bush fires. They drove south one Friday evening, slept in Cronulla, and went on for an hour along the highway early the following morning. After parking the Holden, they walked on the side of the road for some time, already feeling in their nostrils the effects of that immense desolation, the rests of the fire that had been raging in the area for about a fortnight or more. They were walking in what had been the beautiful Royal National Park, a landscape of desolation. Every scrap of vegetation had been consumed by fired. Hillock after hillock of precious forest had been turned into cinders. The green, the red, the then florid undergrowth, where they had once seen flowers of a variety of shapes and colours, abundant vegetable life, had been converted into an enormous grey sheet of dust and dead matter; and on that extensive sheet, which reached right and left and in front till the very horizon, there filtered, sticking out in the intensely blue atmosphere, near and far away, an infinite number of black sticks, bars and spears, thin and long, an absolutely frightening vision. There, the now burned trees and ferns and other formerly living matter which wanted to remain there as witness of having existed, and a wish no doubt to exist again at some time in the future.‘Dead, dead, everything is dead!’ Luis cried.‘Luis!’ Malgorata shrieked, obviously frightened.As they were making their way to the bottom of a ravin, among the calcination, some unextinguished fire, ashes and sparks. A not-too-small surface was covered by a sort of white dust, whiter at first sight than the rest. Luis could now see some orangy embers, so brilliantly alight and shiny in what was dull, dusty snow-white terrain.‘Don’t worry, dearest,’ he said. ‘There is no vegetation around for mile after mile. It will burn itself out, be consumed and gone forever.’‘It ain’t that, it ain’t that,’ she screamed almost hysterically. ‘Look again!’Strange little insects, like long beetles, were scrambling out through the cinders and crawling about the dusty snowed terrain.‘They are living in the fire!’ she cried.The spot where the insects came out had suddenly become a fantastic glittering yellow-red. Luis couldn’t believe his eyes. Another insect came out, and another.‘Come, let’s see,’ he said, holding his girfriend by her hand.He got hold of a rather big flat stone, managed to lay one of the beetles on the flat surface of the stone, and gave a severe bang on the little thing… and the beetle flew out and landed back upon the cinders, its little gauzy wings glittering the while. Into the burning embers it crawled.Because of the importance of the day, Christmas Eve, the staff were given leave to go away at lunch-time or, as stated in Mr.Kim Hutchkinson’s note, as soon thereafter as the work in hand was completed. In the morning, at breakfast, Luis had received, through his German friend, an invitation from Hildegard to come and spend the evening with them. She wanted very particularly (Heribert had said) to see Luis Galvao in order to apologise for not having helped him ‘the other day’, when he was in Sir Reginald’s claws. Luis was not thinking now of the invitation which he had in principle rejected in his mind, for he hated that sort of party, as matter of fact, and the novelty of having it at sea did not entirely convince him. All the same, there was still a lingering doubt, of another kind. That woman was a magnet to men: that sneering look, those inviting red lips, that prominent breast and majestic walk. Mr. Greene’s Corporation was letting the members of the staff celebrate Our Saviour’s Birth on one of the Manly ferries, and the thought of strolling on the deck at night with the handsome Valkyrie would have pleased him very much. He pondered what to do, wandering around the piers for a while, undecided, before taking at three o’clock the way back to Ultimo.When he reached the point in the street where he now parked his car, he found Malgorata sitting on the passenger-seat.‘How come, my darling, waiting for me?’She simply made a bow. Coming nearer, he saw there was a hamper with a picnic meal, complete with a bottle of ‘Barossa Pearl’.‘Whooh,’ he sang, standing on her right, ‘sparkling wine? Marvellous. I was going to buy some wine myself. Of course we’re going to celebrate on the sands. Now,’ he went on, opening the door and inviting her to climb down, ‘you’ll drive. Where are we going, Madam?’‘Parsley Bay,’ she answered.They drove right to the South Head, where the sea entered the harbour, parked the car on top of a cliff, turned round and climbed down a narrow path to a beach on the harbour side. It was a rather small cove with a natural reserve all around and a little rivulet (which must have been a brook long ago) at the bottom. Some residential properties were perched on top, on either side of the reserve. The sun was hitting fiercely upon the earth as they began the descent, carrying between the two an ice-box, the hamper, a beach-umbrella and other beach implements. They sipped the wine and nibbled at some goodies, sitting on a large colourful towel on the sand. Malgorata, still wearing a pair of dark sunglasses she had put on for the drive, looked into Luis’s eyes, murmuring: ‘My dearest, please, love me always.’He adored her, he said. He loved to see her specially now, he thought, after having thought of going to a Christmas-Eve party with Heribert and the Greenes. Malgorata was the woman he loved, such a pretty face; even with sunglasses she was incomparably prettier. He was sure he had loved that woman all his life, the blond short hair, her lips, her little round ears, those rosy cheeks… Getting hold of her glasses, he kissed her eyelids.‘Luis, will you take me away one day?’He took hold of her hands, still gazing at her tearful eyes without replying: they were different in colour, those eyes, but so very attractive. He knew she was thinking of one day playing in an orchestra with her friend Anna. London! He was torn, didn’t know what to do.‘Luis!’ he heard her call. ‘Let’s go for a swim’.He stood up directly, still quite confused, and stumbled on the towel, careful not to step on her sunglasses. She was wearing a one-piece swimsuit, dark, soft and very well adjusted to her pretty body. She smiled (as though telling him how much she appreciated his Christmas present); in the twilight of the summer evening blond Malgorata appeared to him gorgeous in her dark-blue apparel. Conscious of the fascination she aroused in her lover, she came forward, putting out one hand, which he took. And they entered the water together, still holding hands. They swam very slowly the whole length of the narrow stretch of water, until they reached a tall barrier (made of big interlocked steel rings) where the cove joined the waters of Port Jackson. Slimy black algae clung about some of the rings, specially those on the water’s surface. The two lovers remained for a while holding on to the steel barrier, making jokes about voracious monsters coming to eat them: since it was known that part of the harbour was the line of passage for hungry sharks in search of a meal farther west around the docks.‘If we could be just like we are now, all our lives!’ romantic Malgorata suggested.‘We would die of inanition,’ Luis joked.Without heeding, she went on: ‘How nice if we had met in another world.’‘Naughty. I’m serious, and you’re jesting all the time,’ said she in a rather sad tone.He apologised with a rather prolonged kiss on her pretty, dreamy face.‘I mean in a place,’ she went on, still very sad, ‘where life… was without complications. You and me… faraway. Our home. Oh, I don’t know what I’m saying. It was so easy when I was young.’‘Aren’t you young now?’‘I mean overthere,’ she said, meditatively. ‘Why ever… why should one complicate… When I was overthere. I was a young girl when I left.’‘But you hadn’t met me yet,’ said Luis, feigning to feel sad. ‘Am I an unimportant thing in your life?’‘It isn’t that, it isn’t that!’ she protested, ‘but we might have met when I was in England, in Manchester. You spoke of it the other day… And we would have stayed there. And we’d have become rich.’‘Darling, you don’t know what you’re saying. Now, did you or did you not want to escape from communism, after all,’ he said.‘I don’t mean that, and you know it. But if we could go… where I could play, I’m sure. I mean, we could live in a nice house like those up there,’ she went on, ‘you understand?’‘You would not even look at me,’ he rejoined. ‘Gosh! playing in a big orchestra, and all that. When I hear you practising nowadays, sometimes I say to myself: ‘Bye-bye my love. Poor me!’‘But I would look at you, I like looking at you, your green eyes, your black hair,’’ she exclaimed, holding on to him.After a moment, he said, ‘Come, let us go back, I’m freezing’‘Yes, let’s come out, but not yet to the sands, darling’ she answered. ‘We’ll have a look at the harbour first. O.K?’They paddled all the way along the safety-net, sometimes holding on to the steel rings, sometimes losing hold of the net and playing together and chatting and kissing, then swimming again towards the shore on the right. They clambered up onto a narrow stony footpath with buffalo grass on the sides; then, jumping from rock to rock, they reached a long narrow point from where they could have a partial view of the harbour, the waves breaking at their feet: for they were near the ocean entrance on the right; here and there, they could see, in the distance, some concentrated points of light coming from the northern suburbs, beyond the immense surface of the harbour; these glowing spots were alternating with some big chunks of black land, probably forests. The town of Manly was on the right, the Harbour Bridge on the left, but they could not see the latter. Nor could they have the slightest glimpse of the City, the bay having so many waterways this way and that, little coves, beaches, ports and subsidiary harbours, almost unendingly.On a small platform at the farthestmost rocky point they could reach, the two necessarily stopped, at the very edge of the water, where at length Luis sat down, while his girlfriend stepped aside, looking for a patch of grass where to sit without ruining her new precious swimsuit. The sky was partly cloudy. Luis glimpsed some bright spots very far away, the lights of the city (he thought) which were being reflected on the smooth surface of the water far away towards the west; and somewhat nearer there were plenty of illuminated craft: some of the Sydney ferry company. A number of Sydneysiders, he guessed, were celebrating the Birth of Jesus in them. Soon one of the boats was gaily steaming this way, towards the east, perhaps trying to reach the Heads and the open sea?Feasts and celebrations were being held all over the bay; and he could easily imagine the varied entertainment going on everywhere: the abundance of everything on board would be on a grand scale, as in a big hotel, the bright neon-lights, those summer dresses, gorgeous ladies, plenty of jewels. The electric bulbs which were now reflected on the surface of the bay would be there imitating the light of day. All over Greater Sydney, one of the most spread-out cities of the world, money was flowing and freely circulating at all moments in festive celebrations. He recalled other, past festivities in his life; and also the present: the wonderfully lit streets of the city. Such explosions of light and colour. And in the past, Madrid, London, Manchester. All was here, in his mind, all quite visible, ‘Oh, yes!’Some music was now heard; festoons and colourfully lit decorations of an approaching craft. For some reason he thought of Hildegard, and glanced up at the sky, which was now overcast, threatening rain. The waves were rippling at his feet, splashing at times. The ferryboat was coming nearer: people moving about in great tumult: a real floating cabaret with little coloured bulbs and twinkling signs, ‘Happy Christmas’, extending from funnel to funnel, a gift to the eyes. The music was still in his ears, when the craft did a U-turn and began moving away. There was dancing on the boat. He had seen the movement of the people celebrating, the couples jerking, twisting, waltzing under a canopy, in case it rained. ‘Ils tournent, tournent les personnages… He knew the tune. Or they were strolling on the deck, now in the distance. Some had been leaning on the railing, heads turned down to the dark sea below, couples close together, one arm on the railing, each of them, and the other two around each other: man and woman in love; enjoying the warm summer breeze. Another piece of music reverberated from time to time.… I didn’t want to do it!… I didn’t want to do it!… You made me love you!He guessed rather than heard the orchestra playing. ‘Oh, my God!’ he thought. ‘how many happy memories that particular song brings to my mind… and heart!‘Luis, have you had many sweethearts, I mean before me?’ he heard Malgorata, who had come up and was standing near him.‘I’ve only loved one woman,’ her boyfriend replied, also standing up, ‘until I met you,’ he went on, kissing her on one cheek.She had put some perfume on, from a present he had also bought for her the day of the shopping spree, and the smell was still strong.‘How did she look?’ she asked, bending her head backwards.‘Actually, very much like you,’ Luis answered, caressing her chin with his lips, ‘I think I’ve already told you,’ Luis said. ‘Only a bit… well, a tiny little bit more weight.’‘You find me too thin, do you?’ she said cajolingly, ‘tell me. I shall eat and eat to put on weight to please you.’‘Malgorata, darling, you’re perfect as you are,’ he said, getting her in his arms.She snuggled in his embrace, and curtly asked. ‘She Spanish?’‘No. English. Actually from Manchester. You already know about her.’‘So what happened?’‘I was no good,’ he said sadly, ‘I let her down. But let’s drop it, please.’They remained silent for a moment. She was holding him tight by the waist, as if afraid he might slip away and disappear.‘Luis,’ she gasped at length, ‘let’s go far away… to London. Yes? Or to America, you and me, to live there, and have a family. Nobody’ll find us.’ A tear came coursing down her cheek. ‘And we’ll forget all about Ultimo and be happy forever.’They had talked about London often these past few weeks. He trembled as he answered: ‘Just a moment, dearest darling. For the time being I can’t. There’s Mr. Hutchkinson. You know I’m trying to become a registered patent agent. I can’t let him down. Also, my whole career’s there. Wait, darling, let us be patient. I’ll soon be a fully-fledged attorney. We shall then be able to travel and go to London… New York perhaps. Where no one will find us.’‘I said London,’ she said, humbly, ‘but if you prefer New York it’s a rich metropolis. Yes, we can find something, both of us, overthere.’They made their way back, jumping from rock to rock, then along the narrow dirt path and to the rustic steps by the sea; and into the water, this side of the net, Luis jumped, splashing about. Standing with one foot on the bottom rung of the ladder and another already in the water, Malgorata suggested: ‘Let’s go in and swim in the nude.’ And without waiting for a reply, she stripped herself of her light silken swimsuit, which she rolled up and made herself a turban to put on her head. He did something similar with his swimming-trunks and they swam very slowly, in order not to disturb the glowing suavity of the sea under the moonlight, coming sometimes together ever so gently for a cuddle, and again swimming slowly toward the beach. Once she protested that they were going to drown, if he insisted on kissing and was not careful. And playing and swimming, after a few minutes, they reached the now deserted tiny beach. For a long time Luis lay on his back, contemplating some flying clouds overhead, traversing the still prussian-blue sky; lovely Malgorata had glued her warm supple body to his side, fondling and kissing his left shoulder and ear; and kissing him she fell asleep. She had stretched out one of her shapely legs, covering him in a sweet, clammy embrace, letting his right hand gently caress her knee.‘My Luis,” she murmured under her breath, already half asleep, “I love you!, do not forsake me, my darling!’He had got up that morning meaning to go out for a drive alone. By six o’clock he had finished his breakfast in the kitchen and went up to his room, listening for a while whether some moaning or other sound came out of the door of the big room. For some reason he was quite worried. Christmas was over, and Luis and Malgorata were not now so sure of themselves as they had felt furing the festivities. He knew from experience that, from a lovely girlfriend, she could change without warning into a young woman full of fears almost on the brink of a breakdown.There had again been some terrific bush-fires down south in the Royal National Park, and Luis had decided to go there for a drive, crossing Sydney, then along the highway, and stop wherever it was not possible to go any farther. He was also feeling nervous and ill-at-ease, and it was surprising, for a person like him, to have thought of visiting the Park to observe the firemen and volunteer workers fighting the flames, unless he intended to offer his services to the fire-fighting as a volunteer, which was not at all in his nature. As he was coming down the stairs, with the haversack (thinking to fill it with some food and be gone), the street door was flung open, and Leonidas Krappov darted into the house growling, on seeing him, some sounds that Luis Galvao took to mean: ‘’Good day!’’ or ‘’Good morning!’’, or perhaps even ‘’¡Buenos días!’’, as the man spoke Spanish. He saw him leave his jacket and helmet on the peg by the entrance and then race like a lost soul into the bedroom downstairs. Luis for his part proceeded to the kitchen to fill the haversack when a most terrifying scream reached his ears. Almost at once the sound of an object being smashed against a hard surface was heard, accompanied by a discordant musical note or two; and after that, only a sigh and a whimper. Next Malgorata stumbled into the room. She looked wan and unearthly as she made her way to the adjoining laundry, where she first lit the copper-boiler, then busied herself for a few minutes with a wicker basket and some clothes, before returning to the kitchen. Luis was paralysed, his hands on the open haversack, his head bent and the glasses hanging on his nose: for his girlfriend was sitting at the table. By then the landlord too had entered the room. As he proceeded to the table, a little black cat walked to meet him only to have the man give her a tremendous kick on the stomach, making her fly, yelling, all the way to the yard. Malgorata ran howling to the door, but the cat was gone, and she returned to the table. Krappov picked up vodka from the table, pulled out the cork with his teeth and, applying its nozzle to his lips, took a good swig at the bottle, gurgling the while. He was all the same keeping an eye on his wife.‘My breakfast! Double quick!’ he ordered.Luis got hold of the girl’s hand. Malgorata pulled away, and proceeded to prepare her husband’s breakfast, hobbling between the fridge and the cooker.And Luis Galvao lived next some infernal moments of doubt and despair; for he knew what he had to do, grabbed hold of a knife and… it was his back luck or natural pusillaminity… static like a statue! He saw the man he hated so much, those tiny grey eyes darting on hers, the grey bushy eyebrows that almost obliterated his narrow forehead and the cruel mouth surrounded by his scraggy blond moustache. On his khaki working-clothes there was a green badge, on one of his breast-pockets, displaying a trade-name, in white, ‘Portland’.Eventually Malgorata served the master his breakfast, which he began to devour like the beast he was, growling, bullying the very sausages he was eating. He now poured vodka into a glass, and lifted it to his mouth with his hairy hand, and tossed it off at once. He refilled the glass, and went back to his breakfast, bending over, pricking his fork most fiercely in the big fat Russian sausages, splashing grease and blood over his moustache, his mouth wide open, like an ogre about to devour his victim.Malgorata was standing by, heaving from time to time a deep sigh, but repressing all other signs of agitation. There was only one purpose in her: to carry out the man’s wishes even before he had had the time to express them. It was like slavery. Luis could not understand why the young woman averted her eyes every time his glance encountered hers, bowing down her head like a martyr. He loved her, and he knew he was acting cowardly. It hurt and diminished him to think he was there doing nothing. He would have liked to act; but what was there to do? Even to exchange a few words with her was impossible! She persisted in ignoring him entirely… or else she had lost her mind, as he would lose his pretty soon.The copper-boiler in the corner had begun throwing up steam, and although the netted door and windows were open, a sickly smell now pervaded the whole place, even though the landlord and lady did not seem to perceive it. The former went on eating his breakfast and drinking his vodka, with an occasional leer to the lodger, and Malgorata continued to ignore the latter most disturbingly. He heard the sweet slave addressing herself to the master in a stifled tone of voice which told of her state of mental anguish, and he was paralysed. He felt the pounding of his own palpitating heart. What was there left for him to do? He could not simply slip away and disappear. Yet, what could from now on be his life, his role in this household, a convict-built cottage, in a place named Ultimo, where he had landed running away from oppression at home; where he’d found the woman he loved? Nothingness and despair were ever his twin destinies.When at length he stood up in order to clear up his side of the table and be gone, something happened which caused him to stop stock still and glare at Krappov. Indeed he believed the man had uttered some words in Spanish which, if addressed to him (as they logically were), constituted an unsufferable insult. ‘’¡Hijo de puta!’’ Krappov repeated, glaring back at the lodger. There was not a feature in that ugly, square-shaped countenance which was not expressive of hatred and murder.Even before Luis Galvao, who was now standing, had the time to react by way of word or deed, a frightened Malgorata quickly stood up and placed herself behind her husband’s chair under the pretence of lifting some dish from the table. She at once fixed her melancholy eyes on Galvao, entreating him with a silent motion of her lips not to do anything rash.Strong sunlight was streaming in, though on the portion of the kitchen near the laundry a sort of mist had risen, and Malgorata now looked, in the resulting haze, like a vanishing angel, silently beseeching him to stay put. But Galvao could not choose to ignore the man’s insulting words.‘Now then,’ he shouted in a tone that shook Krappov. ‘What are you up to, nazi bastard?’Whereupon Malgorata uttered a cry of grief, and the monster, looking wildly round, clutched her by the wrist, bringing her forward to confront the lodger. ‘Son of a bitch!’ he growled with a deadly look at Luis Galvao, ‘¡Sí, hijo de puta!’ He had stood up, still holding Malgorata’s wrist. ‘Come on! ¡Vamos!’ he went on, ‘have you been makin’ love to my wife?’Only a groan was heard in reply, coming out of the young woman’s throat.‘Dog! Take her, come on!’ the landlord went on, laying his free hand upon Galvao’s shoulder. ‘Take her now we’re lookin’, not on the sly, you coward.’In a moment Galvao fell upon his enemy with a boldness and passion which made him draw back in surprise. ‘You bastard, nazi scoundrel,’ he screamed, catching hold of Krappov’s throat, ‘you traitor, you valiant torturer of defenceless women and children, foul murderer!’But the Ukrainian was a giant of a man, and he easily got rid of his attacker and at once threw himself upon the Spaniard, pummelling him with all his might, and finished driving him against the wall, where he would have strangled him had not Malgorata placed herself between the two, screeching like a person possessed. Her husband, without looking, hurled her to the floor with a powerful backhand. Then he grabbed the bottle from the table and turned to Galvao once more, grunting and foaming; he stumbled, going for him. The other swiftly moved aside, and Krappov fell with a crash upon the floor, where at once he dropped off into a drunken slumber.All this had been witnessed from the passage by the German lodger, who happened to be going out of the house at that very moment; he now stepped forward to kick the fallen drunkard, until the body was lying face upwards, and it was discovered that it was stained with blood, for the bottle had been smashed to pieces on the floor.A commotion was heard on the stairs and soon Manuel rushed into the room in a state of terrible agitation. ‘Oh, dear me!’ he wailed crouching, tenderly stroking the landlord’s cheeks. ‘Oh, no! Leo, Leo!’ He looked at the ceiling. ‘The Coroner now, absolutely. Oh Jesus!’ The others ‘d turned to look, dumbfounded; while Manuel, addressing himself to Galvao and lifting his now blood-stained hands in despair, screamed: ‘Madman! It’s all your doing. Tell me, what d’you think‘s going to happen now?’ And embracing his friend in tears, he went on: ‘Oh Luis, dear boy, you’re in great danger, absolutely. Be off at once! There’s a commando come from the bush, stopping at the Toxteth. They want to teach you a lesson, I’ve heard.’ And turning to Heribert: ‘Oh, please, take this dear crazy man away at once. There’s going to be murder in this house, oh, my God, oh my God!’Luis had in the meantime turned to Malgorata and was now holding her in his arms, intending to remain with her, come what might.‘Sweetheart, let’s go away, directly!’‘Wait!’ Manuel shrieked. ‘Luis, it’s you who must escape, directly! I’ll hide her. He’s moving now, coming to. Oh, look!’Heribert and Manuel, coming together, addressed him manu militari, and the German dragged him from a screaming Malgorata, who kept clinging to her lover’s hand, struggling, calling him, her face full of tears.‘Go Luis, Go!!’ Manuel ordered.As Heribert was pushing him out into the street and towards Pyrmont Bridge Road, Luis could still see through the sitting-room window how Malgorata was struggling to get free, calling Luis to come back, not to forsake her, not to forsake her. But the vision lasted only a few seconds and was gone. He was a defeated man. Another vision had come like a flash to call his attention; another place, another time.A door opened down the road, and a woman appeared in the street, calling: ‘Has anything happened to Malgorata?’‘Aye!’ Heribert shouted back. ‘Go and see Manuel. Yes?’Certainly, Luis Galvao was now a finished man, and he must have been conscious of it, as he jerked along following his German mate the length of the street, the white smoke of Pyrmont Power Station in the background. He recalled the pure fresh air of a morning, in Madrid, coming from the Guadarrama Mountains those days. The classes at university, the walks in the park along the avenues with the beloved one. And the student protests, the riots, the hopes and many battles lost… and there the beloved he lost a first time: the same result. Alas! losing was his lot, now and forever, the terrible destiny of a discontented fellow, no doubt a stupid man, roaming about, not knowing what he was looking for… a woman who might have given sense to his life.They reached the bridge that spans the two sides of a small cove called Darling Harbour. There they rested their arms on the iron railing and remained silent for a while, facing the wharves on either side, in full activity as always. Through his tears Luis Galvao saw the cargo ships being loaded and unloaded at the various docks; the busy cranes and other fix and mobile machines; trucks and vans, the boats static and approaching the jetties, and the very many wharfies already labouring hard, noisy and full of energy; the smooth surface of the sea, full of living and dead matter: pure dirt. The ‘Harbour-Police’ and other professional launches were crossing swiftly from one side to the other of the narrow bay, disturbing the suavity of the water, while other small craft, probably anglers or somethng, were going out into the main bay of Port Jackson, the immensely rich harbour of an immense prosperous metropolis.‘What d’you intend to do now, yes?’ he heard the German ask.‘I don’t know. I know what I should have done.’‘I should have killed that bastard of a Krappov.’‘Damn him!’ Heribert exclaimed. And after a pause, pointing towards one of the wharves where a P&O ship was seen: ‘Take my example, mate. One of these days I’ll be sailing away on one of them liners, see?’’‘I know,’’ the other said, ‘I’ve seen you crossing out the dates on that calendar of yours. A returning migrant.’Heribert gazed at one the wharf, Pyrmont 13. ‘A returning migrant,’ he repeated.’ He knew what was going on. He had worked for two years on all the wharves. Luis was not looking, bent on the railing as he was, but if he had looked, he would have seen tears had come to the German’s little eyes. He was glancing absentmindedly all the time at the sea below, a long line of floating dirt, coursing under the bridge. His head, too, was full of melancholy thoughts.‘’Yes, the day is approaching,’’ Heribert said dreamily, ‘’and when I leave I’ll heave a big, big ‘Oof!’ No parting tears, I assure you.’ But both his looks and the sound of his voice belied his enthusiasm.Galvao said nothing.‘Come on! Don’t fret,’ the German said, rousing up. ‘Now, are you going to cry like a baby, yes?’Still Galvao said nothing. He was holding the iron railing, shaking and biting at the same time his lips.‘Friend, pull yourself together!’‘But he’s going to murder her!’‘Not at all. Haven’t you seen Silwia, our Polish neighbour? Manuel too wants to save your girl. Silwia will hide her. Yes.’Luis Galvao again lamented himself, acting like a possessed person.‘You’ll need some mettle and all your strength when you confront the monkey tonight,’ his friend said. ‘Remember he doesn’t leave till Monday.’‘And what does it matter now, whether he goes to the bush or stays. I’ve lost… oh, lost…’‘I don’t know, I don’t know anything, I don’t know what’s to be done, how to go back to Malgorata… or what to do, now or in the long run, really.’’‘Well, about the long run, I don’t know either. But listen to me, you intend to go back, yes? You must go back, if only to collect your things, and you must think about tonight, come on! And never mind that ugly monkey. He was dead drunk when we meted out that... he won’t remember a thing.’’‘But he’s got his chums in the Toxteth Hotel, didn’t you hear?’‘Bah! Inventions!’ said Heribert, swaying his pear-shaped head meditatively. Don’t pay any attention. I’ll tell you what. We shall confront him together, Krappov, I mean, both of us together. We’ll shut him up, bloody Ukrainian bastard, and liberate pretty Malgorata from his grip, yes. Look here, I finish at six tonight, make sure you don’t go back before seven. We’ll meet outside the house, at Silwia’s, yes?’Galvao was now swaying backwards and forwards, leaning over the edge of the railing, rather sick and deadly pale, his eyes fixed on the murky water below. His friend held him with one arm round the shoulders, saying:‘Cheer up, my friend! You’ll soon get over all this; as will she, I’m sure. I’ve told you, damn him, damn them! Hang the whole bloody lot! Why, mate, you’re not contemplating suicide, eh? For I tell you, nothing exists in this fucking world worthy of such a step.’‘You see,’ murmured Galvao,’ when one tries and tries, and changes course and starts again, and nothing comes out of it but failure and much pain and sorrow, honestly, what is there left to do?’‘Pull yourself together, yes?’‘How? I’ve to accept defeat with resignation, the game is over for me, my friend.’‘Oh, I know that feeling. Poor me, poor little me, damned be the whole world which doesn’t understand me.’‘And so what? We’re losers, Luis. We are reduced to an atom. The wind blows you somewhere and you miss the things you left behind. You love a woman, and in the due course of time you lose her to someone else. It’s destiny. Life’s a perpetual change. Winning or losing means nothing. We all die in the end.’‘You’ve said it.’‘But enough of it, Luis. I must now be on the move. So long. And remember, at ten to seven; I’ll be waiting for you outside the house.’After that the two friends parted company, Heribert going down left towards the docks, and Galvao turning right along the bridge, then left into Sussex Street. For a while he plodded alongside an array of factories and warehouses, until he reached an open space, facing the fine natural harbour of Port Jackson. The sun was still low in the east, and the surface of the sea glittered like a mirror full of tiny brilliant specks. In the middle of a streak of sunlight that reflected upwards from the water he saw the bluish silhouette of a man enjoying the bliss of solitude. The pier loomed out black into the sea, shiny water all around, and the static figure of the man at the very end, an angler on a folding stool holding a rod surrounded by a light-blue sky.Galvao moves forward to talk to the man. ‘Hullo, mate! Are they biting this morning?’The long slightly curving rod firmly in both hands, his gaze still fixed on the glittering surface of the sea, a floating cork, the man vaguely replies: ‘I mike the best ov it.’ The intruder puts out another question, short and to the point. And after due consideration, ‘My word,’ he utters.And again, the noise of Galvao’s clanking boots on the wooden planks of the long solitary jetty. He stops in the midst of an animated crowd, a crew of Salvation Army officers in their light-grey summer uniforms and fluttering red ribbons. They are blowing their trumpets and trombones, or banging drums big and little, shaking tambourines and singing. ‘Jingle bells, jingle bells, jingle all the way, oh what fun it is to ride on a one-horse open sleigh...’ A perfect semicircle of a perfectly disciplined troop of Christian Soldiers, with lady-conductor, lieutenant or major. They are asking for alms, and the sympathetic crowd responds, dropping some coins inside the big wicker basket in the middle. And all the Sydneysiders’ hearts are filled with bliss; for it is not right that in this wealthiest of all promised lands some of God’s own creatures should suffer discomfort and actual indigence.Luis Galvao has reached Circular Quay by now. Moving among the varied crowd in a very rich atmosphere, the colour, the movement, the sound of many voices all about, he cannot but feel somehow the emptiness of his own life. Every twenty yards or so there is a bus-stop, and now and then, a double-decker bus arriving, the square fills with new people from the suburbs. The railway line (under the flying highway) also brings in more distant dwellers. The jetties hardly visible through the grey cement columns under the station have ferryboats waiting, twelve different destinations, the northern beaches: the new arrivals rush to catch the ferry to Balmoral, Taronga Park, Fairlight, Manly… the pretty girls in scanty apparel, displaying handsome brown thighs, shapely calves and beautifully sun-tanned arms and shoulders; their male companions in Bermuda-shorts and T-shirts (they have already smeared their noses with zinc-cream against the rays of the sun); exquisite young mothers swinging beach baskets followed closely by the kiddies, while the husbands behind them carry heavy ice-boxes with lots of food, soft drinks and cans of beer. The happiness of wafting across the bay under a blue sky all together; while others trail alone along the waterfront.Luis Galvao has been drawing away from the multitude, in very low spirits, making his way among boxes and big containers. At length he comes out of the Quay and moves among a dozen cranes, bulldozers and big machinery of another kind. For he has inadvertently entered an enormous building site full of holes and concrete columns of another kind only half-made. He moves towards the shoreline, seeking a line of rocks, stones, cement blocks, and more unfinished columns, suffering the abuse of two guards who push him away and call him a madman. He changes course and finds his way onto a green promontory with trees, shrubs and flowers. Some yachts are seen on the water, their nylon sails inflated like balloons.He is exhausted through and through when he arrives at the park he was aiming for. He lies down on the grass in the shade of a leafy tree of gigantic proportions. And a misty veil spreads overhead as he stretches out on his back, his head resting on his intertwined fingers, covering the previous vision of trunk, black branches, dark-geen leaves, and some points of light here and there between the leaves.…a most uncommon very subtle tissue expertly woven with all the hues and colours, and many brilliant dots of pure light besides: sunbeams filtering through the many free spaces between the leaves of a very large fig-tree.… at the end of a ray of sunlight upon which he has particularly fixed his gaze, he sees a young woman moving away from him, then turning her sweet face round… oh, yes! he does know her… and he feels hot tears streaming down his cheeks…… when he again looks up to the leafy mass above, the girl has vanished shrouded in a whitish mist. ‘Do not forsake me!’, he heard her cry. ‘Sweetheart, my beloved, have I not kept my vow ?’… millions and millions of microscopic specks dancing in a ray of sun, coming directly from a tiny hole between the leaves… when he expects to hear the sweet accents of her voice again, only the cry of a rook reaches his ears... a long quivering noise like that of an engine… rung…rung…un, run, run, rooon!… a bear of a man is dragging a female prisoner, lifting her forcibly onto a motorbike; the engine is running. The laughing bird is watching. That awful cry once more. Hooh, hooh, hah! Hooh hah, hooh, hah, hawwwwww!’’… the kookaburra is perched on one of the higher branches overhead. He struggles with the vision quite in vain, for he doesn’t know he just has to submit, pretend he understands the world as it is. Nothing besides this here shit exists.… the sea, the sands, the cabin where they have been living and the leafy trees around… they’re no more. Life is a dream. Here and in another place, another time, the same girl… A shriek has destroyed the vision and his life.… they are taking away the woman he loves. A score of trained thugs, (guardia-civiles or bush-rangers,) already driving off. Strapped into the sidecar, my love, next to that awful vision.‘Oh, dearest love!’ He opens his eyes.The last rays of the setting sun are shining the length of the street and on the horizon, above the grey chimneys of the power house, two black lines of cirrus-clouds on the background. He runs into Harris street, trembling with fear and out of breath. Further up the street, six or seven big men on motorbikes scudding away back to the Australian bush.‘Dago!’ he hears a screech, coming from on high. ‘They’s takin’ yer girl awiey!’, and sees old Amy gesticulating, on the protruding balcony above the corner store.‘Bastard!’ he shouts and hastens on.Just then, a door opens on the right, and a man of great bulk in black comes out upon the pavement. (‘Monstrous Krappov, fascist! hijo de puta, son of a bitch!’) The man’s carrying a struggling Malgorata over his shoulder. A piercing shriek is heard.‘Luis! Oh Luis, my love!’Near the still open door, on the roadway, there is a huge bike with the engine running, and Krappov straps Malgorata into the sidecar. He jumps upon the saddle, and… run! run!... ruuun, speeds away, after the half-dozen rangers, already out of sight.Whereupon Luis Galvao stops short and breaks into sobs. A woman has come out of the house, the same open door. She is blond, beautiful, about forty, and seems to know the Spaniard, whom she now approaches, but the latter is moving on, and she stops on the pavement, also crying. Luis Galvao enters the place where he lodges, two houses down the road. He comes across a really hysterical Manuel, pacing up and down the whole length of the drawing-room, which is unlit, and the televison set is on. Galvao can hardly hear what the other is trying to convey.‘Leonidas is furious, absolutely, I’ve… never seen him in such a state,’’ mumbling on, throwing his arms around Galvao’s neck. ‘’Oh dear! Worse than… a calamity! You’ve brought all this upon us. You, you you! He’s selling the property. What am I going to do now?’’Galvao pushes his friend into a chair, and it’s only then that he sees Heribert lying full length on the sofa. Falling on one knee, he gets close to the German, who appears to be badly hurt.‘We… we agreed to meet… at ten to seven, yes?’ he hears a feeble voice.Luis instinctively lifts his left arm and looks at his watch. To no purpose. His cognisance is no longer operational. ‘So… so… so sorry, Heribert,’ is all he is able to utter, devastated. He perceives the presence of the the blond lady, touching him: he had forgotten altogether about Silwia, who is now bending next to him, ready to attend to the German’s wounds, whose wrist she has taken in her hands.‘But… what’s happened?’ Luis asks the woman.It is Manuel, from his chair, who answers for the lady.‘Oh, he lost his mind. You ought to have seen him, struggling in vain! Seven against one. We all are crazy in this house!’ Manuel was clawing his temples with his fingers. ‘A man in his senses… oh, he should’ve minded his own business, absolutely. And this is the result.’‘What made him do that?’‘You did not know he was in love with Margaret,’ the woman whispered in Galvao’s ear, ‘he tried to save her. They entered in my house like a gang of bandits.’Heribert had fallen into a swoon. It was Luis who, hopping round to the kitchen, brought the bandages, hot water, ointments and other necessaries. And the woman, with his help, brought the German to. She dressed his wounds, and talked to him, whereupon he began to appear alive. Among the three, they seated the wounded fellow on the sofa. And they waited for a while, talking and reanimating the chap.‘Oh, it was really… bad,’ Heribert mumbled, his eyes half-closed, ‘but I’ll be al… alright!’ He sounded ever so tired and out of sorts. ‘No bones broken, yes. Now you tell me,’’ Heribert went on, opening one red eye and addressing Galvao, ‘why the… the hell didn’t you come back sooner, as agreed. Shit, a thousand times Scheisse!’‘Awfully sorry, Heribert, please forgive me!’ Galvao cried, red in the face and in a terrible state of shame and mental agony.The two Spaniards led Heribert upstairs and into the bedroom, where after taking some tablets which Manuel had provided for him, the German fell into a peaceful sleep. Luis Galvao, for his part, unable to withstand the sight of his own room any longer, consumed by remorse and trying to overcome his own fatigue, said goodbye to his Spanish friend and went down to the lounge, where the woman was no longer. He took his jacket from a hook, put it on, and went out into the street.His steps led him back to the City. He shuffled aimlessly, racked with deep despair, through the streets where there was still full lighting, stopping before the shop-windows watching, in a vain attempt to get rid of a very bleak idea that had entered his mind of a sudden. Only a few last stragglers were left in the rich, prosperous metropolis, moving most of them, like himself, under the overhangings full of neon lighting, windows, commodities and a score of pretty colours. In other words, he was avoiding the spaces of total darkness. Once a big obese man with unsteady step came jerking as if wanting to talk to him, and Luis, wishing to avoid the encounter, crossed to the other side of the street where the shops were not lit; the pubs, restaurants and other eating houses having all closed for the night.Eventually he reached Circular Quay. Twelve, fifteen, twenty long cement platforms (with the sign of ‘Bus-Stop’), and nothing else on the whole extension of the immense plaza. All the bus-stops were deserted, save one where a drunkard, more dead than alive, was holding unsteadily onto the sign and singing quite loudly a country ditty, something like this: ‘O hip… Ned Kelly… he wos caught an’ led to the… hip or hips… to the gallows!’A very fine drizzle did not cause any change in the temperature; but Luis Galvao, who was drenched in sweat, dashed all the same in an attempt to reach the cement high-road supported by a few scores of cement columns, where he arrived out of breath and shivering. He was standing under the Cahill expressway, listening to the rather mysterious sound of the traffic overhead and looking back at the square, the luminous advertisements on high, as though hanging in the air, the murky sky above, and the odd luminous outline, like a stroke in an oil-painting, all along the roofs of lower buildings, feeling immensely sad. When the rain stopped, he got on the move again, proceeding rather cautiously for a while, still underneath the high-road because he knew there were two or three taxi-stands somewhere thereabout, and although he did not detect any black shadow of a waiting cab, he hoped that one would arrive soon and he would ask the driver to take him to a hotel still open for the night.It happened however that as he was coming out of that dark space from among the columns (where he had hoped to find shelter in the station for the rest of the night), a face seemed to appear as if by miracle very near and almost touching his own. He caught such a fright at the thought of finding a bed of vice, he who had never known a prostitute in his life, that he trotted away from the streetwalker, recovering all his energies and never stopping until he was back in George Street.Suddenly he hears the sound of a police siren and sees the Black Maria, coming swiftly from the waterfront. Frightened by the noise and by the black jail-van now in the middle of the square, he darts off into a side-street, where he hides in a telephone booth. There is a public house on the opposite pavement, long closed for the night. After a while he sees the police van arrive round the corner and stop by the hotel, where the bodies of two drunkards can be seen in the multicoloured neon light. Two policemen alight from the van, get hold of the drunks, hurl them into the van like two rag-dolls, and a moment later the Black Maria disappears in the distance, as noisily as it has arrived.Though the little side-street is not overilluminated, he now hates the idea of being anywhere near the last remaining lights, and starts running again, fleeing from all the strange shadows he sees or imagines he sees, now fleeing even from his shadow. In his mind he’s blaming his bad luck for everything disastrous that is happening to him; he loathes the Australians, he loathes his present state, he loathes the low ambition which once led him to university, to politics and caused him to spend so much time studying and going to college again, which turned him into a useless stupid man, always working to no purpose and made him ultimately travel beyond the seas… roaming, roaming, roaming… all the places that he was to discover!, the millions he would earn! All false ideas and to no purpose! A free man indeed! Throughout his life he had taken the wrong decision, had made the wrong choice, studies, politics, women… His fault!, he chose, and chose and chose again all for nothing! nothing came out of it but failure.As if bad luck would have it, his boss had arranged, quite some time ago, that Galvao was to be in attendance the whole day at the office (with two other young attorneys, another lawyer and a patent engineer) precisely that coming Monday. Mr. Kim Hutchkinson was engaged in a most important public-relations operation. For months he had been working, in fierce competition with other Australian law firms, in order to make sure the Hutchkinson and Whyte partnership would become the representatives in Australia of a very big Japanese corporation, reputed to be the largest in a country now emerging as a great international industrial power. An operation which had taken Mr. Hutchkinson to Tokyo and other Japanese cities several times during the last six months or so. The Japanese were coming to Sydney. It was tomorrow, then, today, the culmination of those great expectations.… and he was dressed like a tramp, all dirty and cvered with sweat. How could he present himself before the senior partner and the other members of the firm for an interview with the all-powerful Japanese in such state and apparel? Not even when he worked in the Sussex Street factory was he dressed in such a horrible manner.He saunters on along a narrow street, not far from that factory precisely. And soon he finds, looming before his poor tired body, high above, in the dark, the building where he works, Caltex House. He breaks into sobs. Not far from there, in a little square lined with trees and other vegetation, there is a hotel, however. He sees the green illumination along the terracotta roof, and the sign, also green, ‘Wentworth Hotel’. If he can put up there for the remainder of the night! he would have at last at least a few hours rest before deciding on his next move. For a long time he’s undecided. “Wentworth Hotel,” he reads again. It’s an old hotel, five stars, probably very expensive, and much of the night has already gone. It is one of the oldest remaining hotels of the colonial era, the reason perhaps why it’s so expensive, almost a national monument. And after some hesitation, he finally decides to go and see. He books in for the night. They give him a room facing the little wooded square, excellently green with the reflection from the lights of the hotel. For a while he paces up and down the room, clenching his fists. Then he stands by the window and looks across the square at the opposite line of houses, one of them Caltex House, that dark narrow tall brick building. And all the rest either in absolute darkness or illuminated, here and there, by some neon advertising still left on. It has begun to rain in earnest. In bed, later on, with the window wide open because of the extreme heat and sultriness that has been reigning in Sydney the whole day, he follows the reverberation of the green lights of the façade, coming right up to the ceiling of his room. Definitely something has been torn very deep inside him. He cannot go to sleep, and he is paying so much for this. He is thinking that in an hour or two he’ll go and ask the night watchman to lend him some shaving soap and a razor. He will then have a shower, and will be ready to rush out at nine, to reach DAVID JONES at opening time to buy himself a new suit of clothes and still be able to reach Caltex House before nine thirty. Join the ConversationTo find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQsNo green crosswalks for Stevens PointSTEVENS POINT – The city is no longer considering green crosswalks as a way to improve safety at the intersection of Division and Franklin streets.City staff discussed the idea as a next step toward improving safety for pedestrians and bicyclists at the heavily traveled intersection. The goal, public works director Scott Schatschneider said, was to provide a visual reminder for drivers on the four lanes of Division Street that people may be traveling along Franklin Street on foot.The move would have been one in a series of safety measures recently employed by the city at the intersection, including turning off the electronic message board outside the nearby fire station and removing unnecessary visuals that could distract drivers.But after learning it would cost $11,000 to paint the crosswalks lime green, Schatschneider said his department will not pursue that."We had gotten an idea on cost before we would even pursue anything, so it obviously came back very cost prohibitive," he said. "We're going to look at different ideas."Schatschneider said he also learned that green could not be used as a traffic control device under the Manual on Uniform Traffic Control Devices, published by the Federal Highway Administration to define the standards used by road managers across the country.Only the colors yellow and white can be used to color pavement for traffic control purposes, according to a 2013 memorandum by the FHA.Sari Lesk can be reached at 715-345-2257 and email@example.com. Follow her on Twitter as @Sari_Lesk. About 2017 and 10 years of Don LimonSustainability is the new BioThe don Limón Identity was created in September 2007 – it is 10 years now. We never expected that we can do so much out of it. It is on permanent evolution, growing every year and getting more and more established. Our global vision becomes more real every year. We are covering North America and Europe very well. We are back with clear targets in the Middle East and Asia. Our sourcing in all Latin America reached a level which we can call sophisticated. Our projects in South Africa were in 2017 very good and we expect further strong grow in 2018. The grapes from India had a difficult year but also here we feel the strong interest from our customer side in a sustainable growth – we predict to double for 2018, even when the crops are shrinking in 2018. For products from Spain we also observe good market development and growing volume in the running season. We are preparing western Africa where we see a lot of potential.The SDGs of UN became an important orientation for way of doing business – in 2017 we also published our first Sustainability Report. Producing and distributing Fruits in a sustainable way became our main purpose. Combining fruit business with positive social, economic and environmental Impact is our goal nowadays. Everything what we do have to make sense.Sustainability is not only a Marketing tissue to make us look more beautiful. Since we became conscious about the importance of sustainability we feel a great energy from inside the company. Developing the personalities of our employees to get a company with an outstanding strong and clear personality became the most important issue. It is the fundament where we build all our activities on.Don Limón is not only a brand for fruits – it is a spirit, a feeling a symbol of trust to bring people from all around the world together. Don Limón is an ecosystem to connect professional fruit people – producer, buyer, employee and others – by a permanent process of learning, improving and developing.We are so proud about what we have done so far and we expect to have things to do the coming 100 years. Let’s start with 2018.Best for all of youYour Schindler Family and Don Limón Team Comfort is the name of the gameThere are considerable advantages designing and manufacturing furniture with BASF materials. Whether it's used in cushions, arm rests or back rests, our foams are uniquely versatile — able to be molded into any size or shape and to any level of softness or firmness demanded, for comfortable, durable seating.And our thermoplastic portfolio offers nearly any combination of structural performance, aesthetics, and haptics. By incorporating an integral skin, consumers enjoy a cushioned pad with a durable surface, impermeable to moisture and bacteria. Our high-fatigue-strength engineering plastics are ideal materials for chair components, enabling more efficient furniture designs with improved toughness and flexural modulus. And other products from our portfolio increase perceived quality through premium textures and improved noise reduction. Lovely stuff. Lovely, lovely stuffWhat you’re looking for, is a new favourite brand. What you’re looking for, is a new tracksuit, a few new tees, and maybe some underwear. This is - don’t argue - what you’re looking for. So you’ll be pleased to know that Skepta, as creative director of Mains London, will be able to provide you with all of that, as he’s relaunching his brand with a new top-drawer capsule.He’s gone for the Space Tracksuit as the central piece from the collection, taking reference from aeronautical and high-altitude technical apparel - meaning, essentially, you’re a cool astronaut type if you wear this stuff, a goddamn cool astronaut space boy.Here’s a look at what you’re getting:Alongside the tracksuits, there’ll also be a range of essentials included in the relaunch - tees, socks, underwear - for your pleasure - check out the full (quite affordable, actually) load here. Top stuff, nice work Skeppy.(Images: Walid Labri) Student engagement means providing students with programs, course work and opportunities — both in and out of the classroom — that motivate them and keep them in school.Research shows that when students are healthy in mind and body, they are more engaged, miss less school, focus better in class, and are more likely to graduate. Different types of teaching methods can also keep more students engaged.Students look forward to attending school when they feel a community of caring adults and peers support their success.STUDENT ENGAGEMENT IS KEY FOR SUCCESSThe state collects and reports data on several aspects of student engagement for both schools and districts.Measures of student engagement reported on the California School Dashboard include:- The number of students who are chronically absent (when students are absent for more than 10percent of school year for any reason) which is newly available in 2017- High school graduation rates and change over time.Schools and districts can support student engagement in many other ways, which can be locally measured and reported. Indicators might include:- The number and types of student leadership groups, on-campus clubs and extra- curricular activities available and the number of students participating- The implementation of strategies that support students’ social emotional learning and/or address student behavior issues.Download and share our flier on Student Engagement.QUESTIONS YOU SHOULD ASK ABOUT STUDENT ENGAGEMENT- What are we doing to ensure all students are interested in and motivated to cometo school? Have we tried establishing incentives for participation in school programs and for good or improved attendance?- How are we improving our graduation rates and reducing the number of drop-outs among all student groups? What are we doing to close the gap between those students who have the highest graduation rates and those students who are dropping out?- Is poor health a barrier to students attending school regularly? What are the main health reasons in our community for students not attending their classes regularly? How are we measuring student health and its impact on attendance and learning?- How do we define an “absence” (e.g., more than 30 minutes tardy to class, missing one or more morning classes, missing the entire day)? Do we currently collect and assess data on student absenteeism rates?- What is the target for reducing chronic absenteeism among all student groups? How have we reached out to the families of chronically absent students to address barriers to attendance?WHAT PEOPLE ARE SAYING ABOUT STUDENT ENGAGEMENT- “I don’t know where I would be today without the AVID program. It helped me see that graduation is possible. I have mentors and tutors who push me to work hard and believe in myself.”- “I’m a science teacher and we’ve developed hands-on projects so that students find the curriculum relevant.”- “The bottom line is, students cannot learn when they are not in their seats. My daughter says she comes to school for the music class.”Find out how your district is meeting this state priority.- See the official report at caschooldashboard.org- Check out your school district’s website to find its Local Control Accountability Plan- For school level information, see the School Accountability Report Card- Attendance Works- Sierra Health Foundation Engaging Youth Report- California Health Centers Association- California Department of Education School Attendance Improvement Strategies. Follow along with the latest message from New Life (August 18 | 19, 2018)Message Summary: When it comes to drifting churches, there’s something far more sinister in the mix then just false teachers. There is something darker at work then simply the church embracing some secular thinking and behaviors. There’s more going on then Christians forgetting their first love, or compromising their values for comfort, or even becoming “Luke-Warm” in their faith. At the heart of drifting is Satan himself.9 If anybody is preaching to you a gospel other than what you accepted, let them be under God’s curse!1st Timothy 4:1-2The Spirit clearly says that in later times some will abandon the faith and follow deceiving spirits and things taught by demons. 2 Such teachings come through hypocritical liars, whose consciences have been seared as with a hot iron.21 From that time on Jesus began to explain to his disciples that he must go to Jerusalem and suffer many things at the hands of the elders, the chief priests and the teachers of the law, and that he must be killed and on the third day be raised to life.22 Peter took him aside and began to rebuke him. “Never, Lord!” he said. “This shall never happen to you!”23 Jesus turned and said to Peter, “Get behind me, Satan! You are a stumbling block to me; you do not have in mind the concerns of God, but merely human concerns.”2nd Corinthians 4:44 The god of this age has blinded the minds of unbelievers, so that they cannot see the light of the gospel of the glory of Christ, who is the image of God.2nd Corinthians 11:14…for Satan himself masquerades as an angel of light.He was a murderer from the beginning, not holding to the truth, for there is no truth in him. When he lies, he speaks his native language, for he is a liar and the father of lies.3 Then Peter said, “Ananias, how is it that Satan has so filled your heart.30 Even from your own number men will arise and distort the truth in order to draw away disciples after them. 31 So be on your guard!2nd Corinthians 11:13-1513 For such people are false apostles, deceitful workers, masquerading as apostles of Christ. 14 And no wonder, for Satan himself masquerades as an angel of light. 15 It is not surprising, then, if his servants also masquerade as servants of righteousness. Their end will be what their actions deserve.2nd Corinthians 11:33 But I am afraid that just as Eve was deceived by the serpent’s cunning, your minds may somehow be led astray from your sincere and pure devotion to Christ.10 Finally, be strong in the Lord and in his mighty power. 11 Put on the full armor of God, so that you can take your stand against the devil’s schemes. 12 For our struggle is not against flesh and blood, but against the rulers, against the authorities, against the powers of this dark world and against the spiritual forces of evil in the heavenly realms.13 Therefore put on the full armor of God, so that when the day of evil comes, you may be able to stand your ground, and after you have done everything, to stand. 14 Stand firm then, with the belt of truth buckled around your waist, with the breastplate of righteousness in place, 15 and with your feet fitted with the readiness that comes from the gospel of peace. 16 In addition to all this, take up the shield of faith, with which you can extinguish all the flaming arrows of the evil one. 17 Take the helmet of salvation and the sword of the Spirit, which is the word of God.18 And pray in the Spirit on all occasions with all kinds of prayers and requests. With this in mind, be alert and always keep on praying for all the Lord’s people.7 You are my hiding place; you will protect me from trouble and surround me with songs of deliverance.2 As the mountains surround Jerusalem, so the Lord surrounds his people both now and forevermore.22 May your unfailing love be with us, Lord, even as we put our hope in you.Life Group questions will have questions here once groups launch again in September. The retirement of full-time faculty is an issue that is currently and likely to continue to challenge many higher education institutions. It is an issue that has implications that are long-term and both positive and negative. On the positive side for institutions, faculty retirements present potential opportunities to renew the core staffing of the institution. Faculty retirements may allow institutions to add new energy and innovation through the hiring of new faculty. Not that new ideas or innovations are the exclusive realm of new or young, but fresh ideas and approaches in higher education are more typically associated with new faculty coming to an institution for the first time rather than with senior faculty near the end of their careers. To be sure there are clearly exceptions to this phenomenon and perhaps perception and in the sphere of research that may particularly be the case as senior faculty are proportionately more productive researchers. Retirements are also opportunities to reallocate scarce faculty salary resources to areas where student demand is particularly acute."The Institutional Challenges of Full-time Faculty Retirement: Has The Expedition Accomplished All That it Promised and That it Should Accomplish?,"Academic Leadership: The Online Journal: Vol. 6, Article 20.Available at: https://scholars.fhsu.edu/alj/vol6/iss3/20 by Dick MauerEntering on duty at Calexico in the mid 60s, one of the first characters you got to meet was an old timer named Fred Wamble. Fred worked for El Centro Sector and was the general handyman at the Calexico station. His main duty was repairing the fences on a daily basis. The fence was being cut every night and Ole Fred would be out there knitting it back together every morning. Fred was on the receiving end of many jokes and he usually weathered the harassment in good humor. Ole Fred always told the story of coming into the Imperial Valley with his family in the 40s in a Model T over the old cord road. The cord road was built of railroad ties laid over the sand dunes, tied together with cable, and dating back to sometime in the 20s or 30s. (I always wondered why, if you were moving west from a dust bowl setting, would you stop in the Imperial Valley?)One afternoon Fred came into the squad room at shift change and excitedly told a bunch of PIs that while repairing the fence that day, he had been propositioned by a young puta eager to provide international (trans border!) services. One young PI (who will be unnamed) couldn't help himself because, when things quieted down, he had to ask, "where abouts did that happen?" I think Fred won that one.The other Wamble story involved his duty of emptying trash and his habit of rummaging around in the trash can at the gas pumps. He reached in there one day to retrieve some perceived treasure, got nailed by a scorpion, and proceeded to loudly blame a PI for putting it in there. Ole Fred had that one right too as a future Deputy Chief (again unnamed) broke to having thrown a scorpion he had found in there, although not with the intention of getting Fred. Like many European countries, Russia is facing a low fertility rate and a declining population. This demographic snapshot looks at the Eurasian giant’s uncertain demographic future.No one hides a junk hand better than Vladimir Putin. In the past three years he’s annexed the Crimea, stirred-up his closest neighbors with fears of asymmetrical warfare, provoked NATO with a continuing series of air and sea incursions around Europe’s periphery, and went all-in by putting bombers into the skies of Syria.But the cards he’s holding are weakening. Half of Russia’s 2016 national budget was projected to paid for by oil and gas revenues with a planned market price of $ 50/barrel. (Current pricing is around $ 30/barrel.) Add to that a falling ruble, NATO economic sanctions, European military countermoves, and a Syrian conflict that won’t be resolved anytime in the near future, and the former KGB officer will have to play his hand even more skillfully if Russia is to avoid another economic crisis of the scale that savaged the country in 1998. But if these near-term crises weren’t enough, Russia’s long term demographics pose an even greater threat to Putin’s grand vision for a renewal of Russian power.Russia is like a lot of European countries with a low birth rate and a declining population. But the Russian narrative is particularly unique.Russia’s birth rate, measured by TFR or Total Fertility Rate, crashed in the early 1990s.TFR, or Total Fertility Rate, measures the estimated average number of children women in a given cohort would have over the course of their reproductive lives. A national TFR of 2.1 (2.1 children), sustained over a long period of time would maintain that nation’s population. A higher TFR implies growth – a lower TFR means population decline.The underlying causes of Russia’s decline in TFR? Start with a general trend towards lower fertility throughout Europe and the developed world. Add to the mix Russia’s economic collapse in 1992 as deregulation triggered huge increases in retail prices and a crash in real incomes. (In simple terms, birth rates typically fall during tough economic times.) Russia’s TFR, which in the late 1980s had crept up to the replacement level, fell far below replacement levels by 1995, have stayed there for past twenty years and show no sign of going significantly higher anytime in the near future.There’s one less-than-gloomy spot on the forecast. Life expectancy in Russia has pulled out of its recent nosedive and shows signs of slowly increasing. But it’s not enough to change fundamental downward population trends driven by the general lack of interest in babies on the part of Russian women.Inevitable Population DeclineThe result? Over the next twenty-five years Russia will see its total population drop about 7%, and with that the working age population will go down over 15%. The economic impact will be significant. Overall consumer demand will, at best, stagnate but more likely decline. The need for new consumer infrastructure will also languish. That will create an ongoing drag on a broken, crumbling economy that can at best be described as a state-sponsored kleptocracy.But for Russia’s military, the outlook is not as grim. Despite crashing numbers in the 2015-2020 time frame, increases in the number of draft age men will give Moscow’s generals a somewhat larger number of men to dragoon into Russia’s enormously unpopular armed forces.Immigration into Russia is an interesting story. While nowhere near the number needed to stem the ongoing population decline, a steady flow of immigrants from surrounding countries is helping to fill jobs otherwise not being filled by ethnic Russians.While Russia has taken some steps in recent years to boost the birth rate, some observers believe that Russia won’t take the enormous steps needed to get its TFR above 2.1. Population decline and the economic stagnation it drives are inevitable.Strategic Implications in the Russian Far EastSorry Vlad, but buried in Russia’s population problems is an even more consequential geopolitical crisis that will slowly unfold in the coming decades. One of the consequences of the fall of the Soviet Union was that Russia’s citizens were suddenly free to live wherever they wished and, surprise, Russian individuals and families started the abandoning Russian Far East.The Russian Far East? Start in Moscow, head east about 6,000 kilometers – that’s 3,600 miles for the metrically impaired – and you’ll have gotten only as far as Siberia. You’ll need to go another 3,000 kilometers east before you reach Vladivostok, the port city tucked-in near the China-North Korea border and the capital of the Russian Far East.The Russian Far East consists of nearly a third of the Russian landmass and sits to the east of Siberia along the Pacific coast. (Yes, this is the part of Russia Sarah Palin could see from her back yard.) While there are a few notable cities (Vladivostock) and industries (aircraft), the area’s transportation infrastructure is not much changed from the early twentieth century, living conditions are miserable, and its already sparse population is plummeting – from over 8 million in the early 1990s to just over 6 million in 2012.There’s a lot of debate about Russia’s long-term grip on this farthest reach of the its global land mass. Some claim that Chinese immigration will slowly, eventually overwhelm the local Russian residents and potentially lead to China’s assimilation of the region – a kind of Borg “resistance is futile” scenario. Others claim the idea of a Chinese takeover is absurd, especially in light of China’s own population declines and rapid urbanization. Both sides have good arguments, and Putin’s administration has acknowledged the issue, putting forward plans to offer free land to Russian citizens that move to the region and taking other steps to improve the economic health of the region.A Single Turn of the Card that Will Never ComeIn poker a single turn of the card can turn a junk hand into winner, but the demographic fortunes of Putin’s Russia won’t be turned around by a one card, one deal, or a decade-long poker tournament. With an oil-based economy, a personality-based government, and imperialist, xenophobic ambitions, Russia doesn’t have the resources or vision to do what it takes to turn around its economy or nationwide population decline. In the decades to come, that means continued economic stagnation and an increasingly weak hold on the Russian Far East. roOomy is often a virtual staging know-how organization that allows you to visualize any place or space how you'd beautify it your self.Outstanding craftsmanship and top quality radiates from each individual aspect of this 8 calendar year younger magnificent house. Spectacular lake sights abound through from your soaring wall of Home windows. Wonderful vaulted front room with fireplace, designer gourmet kitchen area, big dining area, den,dorm, and four spacious bedrooms. The library is perfect for reading through and serenity.Four bedrooms with wooded and lake views will also be showcased. The 264 sq ft deck overlooking the lake will be a point of interest for outdoor gatherings. You can find two massive garages for all of your current toys and h2o Activity Necessities. A ship dock with elevate and pontoon boat for cruising completes this outstanding property. A definite need to see!! A waterfront ton upcoming doorway with 157 feet of shorefront can be out there at $425,000. Please Make contact with Tom Ross for all the small print.The sunsets and panoramic h2o sights are impressive. Privateness and serenity abound. The parcel might be subdivided into 2 waterfront a lot.The most effective of Cottage Row! Magnificent and totally remodeled by Great Northern Design. This spectacular residence has it all, like 210' of shoreline. Roomy lounge and loved ones room both of those with fireplaces. Designer kitchen and massive eating space. 4 lovely guest bedrooms and a chic master Bed room and bath with all of the bells and whistles.five baths, a magnificent good place with kitchen area. Professional model tennis courtroom, significant workshop and ample parking. Unparalleled privateness with a major locale. This exquisite assets is being provided at a superb benefit rate. It is actually an complete have to see to completely value the Outstanding uniqueness of the estate. Be sure to copy and paste these backlinks for comprehensive excursions: Key Property website link: Guest Dwelling connection:If your organization is dependent upon second photography or video clip to develop material, talk to stakeholders, or doc tasks, you currently know the power of visual representation. Corporations are using our technological innovation to catch the attention of much more consumers, impress stakeholders, and cut down expenses.“People who find themselves investing, people who find themselves working with [and] people who find themselves acquiring appreciate the opportunity to have an understanding of the House mainly because it’s pure. It’s exactly the way it is.”Add your scans on the Cloud, in which potent algorithms go to operate processing your authentic-entire world knowledge into an immersive Matterport Area. Inside a matter of several hours, it’s wanting to entry from wherever.Many people want their residences to seem like the staged Variation, but Unless of course that you are willing to pay for all of that home furniture, it is much more likely you may convey your own personal trappings along with you when you move.Home pictures have been a critical Component of home marketing and advertising for many years, but as a result of developments in movie and World wide web technological know-how, there is absolutely no need to look at properties in only two Proportions.[ VR_GOOGLE_CARDBOARD ] [ VR_SAMSUNG_GEAR_VR ] [ VR_NEED_CARDBOARD ] [ VR_NEED_SAMSUNG ] [ VR_GOOGLE_CARDBOARD ]Brokers, traders and purchasers alike can benefit from these incredible applications. Watch exactly what the room would appear to be with the very own furnishings on your Laptop or computer or, with Digital reality in addition to a partnership with Google Tango, phase into the home and look around as if you experienced currently built the alterations. This really is the way forward for open properties and online residence marketing and advertising.com, Broker Internet site, Agent Web page, plus more. HomeVisit could also give a url for you to personalized embed the 3D product immediately into any web-site of your deciding on.Tremendous rec space and extra Office environment/bonus rm on the third level. Impressive screened in porch with panoramic sunset and water sights. Hardwood floors and tailor made crafted-ins. Sufficient parking furthermore garage. A desire residence with excellent craftsman finishes all over! Upscale furnishings and water toys Matterport now A part of the price (excluding some artwork work). BLS Positioning: Best PracticesWhen performing BLS in the field, it is important to have the patient and the caregivers in the best position possible. Sometimes, the manner of the victim’s incapacitation leads to attempting CPR in awkward positions. However, compressions are very much about the physics of the action, and if you don’t have the patient in the right position, the chances of those compressions being effective dwindle. In EMS situations, the problem with patient positioning takes on a whole new meaning as it is difficult to position someone who has undergone trauma.Even in the hospital, though, you must have the correct positioning for compressions to be the most effective. For instance, attempting to perform CPR on a patient who is lying in a soft bed will not result in the best perfusion. Similarly, it may be difficult to array around the patient all the personnel who respond to the situation. Once ACLS starts, this problem compounds, but even in BLS, it is a tightly choreographed dance to get rescue breaths and compressions to the patient in a timely manner. It does take more than two people to perform BLS effectively, but only two at a time can work on the victim.For the best results, the patient should be flat on their back, on a hard surface, with their head accessible. As most EMS workers know, this is not always possible. It is difficult to decide to move a patient into the correct position for CPR when you are not sure of the other injuries they may have sustained. Cardiac arrest is a life-threatening condition, though, and that usually means that you can move patients even if they are not spinal cleared. However, you may find an arresting patient in a car and they are unable to be moved at all.It is very difficult to move a patient in the field into the position of best practice. Even in public places, there just may not be enough room to stretch the patient out for chest compressions. In this case, it is important to get the patient out as quickly as possible to a stretcher and hopefully, to the ambulance. With the use of a backboard, you can perform effective CPR in the rig, but the time it takes to get them there is critical. As an EMS worker, you should use your best judgment on how and why you choose to move a patient for CPR.Use of BackboardBackboards are vital in the positioning of BLS patients. For compressions to work, the heart must be squeezed between the positioning of the hands and a hard surface. Beds, dirt, and other soft surfaces do not provide this squeezing, and it can impact how well the compressions move blood through the victim’s body. For this reason, backboards are used to ensure that the compressions are effective and help with the overall survival of the patient.It is easy to run into a room or a scene and start compressions, but you need to think about the mechanics involved. Especially if the patient is on a bed, you need to roll them to the side, slide a hard board under their shoulders, and then resume compressions. If you forget, you can severely impact your patient’s ability to overcome the cardiac arrest. Most crash carts have short backboards for this usage, and ambulances have an abundance of boards that can be used. The problem is that it is sometimes easy to forget to have them in place while the rush of BLS is on you. Remember that you need to press against something, and a soft surface will not provide the amount of resistance you need.Placement of BLS Care TeamIt takes a group of people to perform effective BLS, but you may not have the luxury of a group. If you are approaching the victim on your own, then you will want to focus only on compressions. However, compressions are exhausting, and they can very quickly lead you to poor performance or unable to continue. Therefore it is helpful to have more than one person working compressions. If the first person is unable to continue, the second can step in.The other important part of this team is the person giving the rescue breaths. If there is more than one person, then rescue breaths can be attempted, and the two can switch between jobs to take some of the strain off the compressor. With a whole team, though, usually one person can work the bag-valve-mask while several rescuers switch off with compressions. It is through this teamwork and switching out that BLS is performed effectively by rescuers. One person should be at the head for breaths. One should be on the chest doing compressions, and one or more people should standby to take over the compressions when the other becomes exhausted. It’s not often that I have to stop because I am just totally fascinated.But from time to time, nature reminds me that one should make good use of the day.The world is at my feet. The sky shines in a thousand colors. I walk between the huge gray fronts of the houses and the bare buildings look dull and boring. Of course, they are built in a modern style, and yet they are concrete bunkers that emit cold.But then the sun rises and between the houses you can see the warm embers rise, which is expressed in a mixture of yellow and red. It is impossible to describe the colors in mere words. It’s just beautiful. It is a cone of light that leaps up between the gray walls and becomes brighter and brighter, until it turns from white into a beautiful clear blue. It’s freezing cold, as are the buildings. But the sun lets you forget that and the cold makes the sky so clear and wide. He suggests that the world is open to you today. It’s a new day and you have to use it. You have to use the day like you should every single day. The whole world is open to me and I have so many opportunities that I almost feel sad to be working normally.I stay for five minutes and watch the drama, take a picture, while the other passers-by stare at me. They have no eye for it, they sit with their heads already in the next senseless meeting and roll a piece of rainforest from one side to the other while they label it with words so meaningless.Why am I doing this? Why do I go to work? All possibilities are open to me. The ideas are as broad as the colors of the sky.To be honest, I can not answer the question. I probably lack the courage to do what I really want. I do not have the flexibility to just throw off old patterns.I have seen many sunrises and some were even more beautiful than today. It is the nature that kisses us good morning and the others go past her and do not return their kiss. I, however, stretch my face towards her and enjoy the first rays of the day.Hello World! Hello Mother Nature, thank you for impressing me every day.I’m looking forward to the sunset…It’s beautiful to look at the sunset and it is the most beautiful when the sun disappears into the sea and drowns all worries.In the evening I ask myself what I have achieved. Is it enough? It’s never enough, because what I’ve achieved so far does not change the world. My daily work does not make the world a better place.Tomorrow before the sun goes down I want to do better. I’m looking forward to see the sun disappear before my eyes in the sea. She will rise for my beloved on the other side of the world with the same dreams and hopes.I give the sun a kiss on its way: give it to my mother at the other end of the world and say good morning to her – I miss you and my one-and-all. As I mentioned in Old Crap, part 1, a blender user creates all kinds of edge projects, experiments, and goodies for clients-who-never-were, and then they just sit around gathering dust. Some are garbage, but some are really cool! I’m trying to dig through the closet, find all those files and give ’em some daylight in the land of Creative Commons.So here’s a bug monster. When dynamic sculpting came out, I started a lil project to learn it. Much further down the rabbit hole, I realized the practice file served no point, but had lots of hours invested in it. I bequeath it to you now, do what you will with it.As a side note, Seabug is this Saturday! Come learn some 3D skillz and have fun and stuff.Grab it here!Environment maps shot via light probe have some problems you don’t see with full-on panoramas. The distortion around the probe’s rim will pull away from some detail, culminating in the blind spot behind the probe. This means you have to make hard decisions about what gets distorted. If several things are important, how do you put them in a heirarchy?I usually try to make the angle from me to the probe to the sun 90 degrees. The pier at Anthony’s is one example where I make an exception. Since half this landscape is a view of the water, you’d end up using this in 3D scenes that also are at a water’s edge. So wouldn’t it stink to jam all those watery pixels into the rim distortion? But shooting parallel to the repeating boards of the pier also appealed as a detail to avoid distorting. I shot a little of everything.Not that I’m trashing probes. Don’t forget, if you’re shooting a full-on panorama, you’re way more likely to have some jogger and his dog ruin your scene, or have the clouds and light shift over the time it takes to shoot. And who wants to slave over 2 gigs of CR2 files, just to make a single EXR that crashes Blender anyway?Get it here!Just to reiterate, these HDR environment maps are perfect for the small time crook. Because I use a probe, they’re much faster to make. My 3D scenes are usually budgeted such that any HDR environment is already above and beyond, so doing a full-on panorama stitch would be WAAAAAY out of scope. If you’re like me, these are right up your alley.Last week’s HDR pack had a Blender file with a Cycles setup, if you’re not sure how to use them. I prefer the .HDR over .EXR; although you have to type in ludicrous values for the environment strength (.0005, which rounds up visually to look like it’s .001), you can REALLY see the potency of any given HDR pixel, especially when cranked through the gamma. But the EXR ends up a bigger file size, so it might be better data 😛Painted in Krita, no reference.Sometimes I look back at my old files and am shocked at how many tiny projects I make, but because they’re just experiments, the project never gets off the ground, or for various reasons didn’t end up getting used, they never see the light of day. Don’t they deserve to see the light of day? I’m gonna start putting this stuff on the internet for y’all.Here’s an animated silent film title card. It requires the Typewriter Add-on made by the Tube team; the text is saved in the .blend file, just run the script and it should work. CC-Zero license, go have fun with it!Can I do an HDR environment map a week for 2014? Let’s see! Last week I dropped some old biddies I had in storage, but this week I went out and shot a nice empty parking lot. I threw in a .blend file with a cycles setup, for those unfamiliar with an environment map’s uses.Download the HDR file here! (Don’t bother with the jpeg below, it’s just a preview.)Hiding out in the shelves of my books, I discovered a mysterious sketchbook that I never scanned! Probably because it was started 3 months before my baby was born, and thus existed in a very tertiary time. A bit of everything; some lifedrawing, some monsters, some animals, etc.“Cuncant that another would finish his sentences for him, he druider would smilabit eggways.” Drawing brainstorm technique: pick a line at random from Finnegan’s Wake, and try to draw it. http://finwake.com/Camera notes: photos taken in kitchen w/ light above them, settings : shutter speed 1/40, Fstops 5.6, ISO 800, WB tungsten light. Sketchbook’s white pages and reflective graphite is probably to blame, so the toned books I’ve been using are probably a lil different. Cabo San Lucas (Photo: cabo san lucas image by jedphoto from Fotolia.com )Cabo San Lucas, also known as Los Cabos, is a city at the southern tip of Baja California Sur, Mexico. Cabo has become a high-end vacation destination with numerous luxury resorts. However, the region still offers several budget hotels that feature many resort amenities at an affordable price.The Quinta Del Sol By Solmar is located less than one mile from the beach, near fishing, shopping and the nightlife of Cabo San Lucas. The hotel features a complimentary continental breakfast, a car rental desk, laundry facilities, a business center, a fitness room, separate adult and kids swimming pools, a mini market and two restaurants. Guest rooms offer cable television, an alarm clock, a coffee maker, a refrigerator, a hair dryer and Wi-Fi.Quinta Del Sol By SolmarBoulevard Lazaro Cardenas BorCabo San LucasThe Hotel Tesoro Los Cabos is located in downtown Cabo San Lucas in the center of everything. The hotel features a rooftop swimming pool with views of the marina, two restaurants and bars, a full-service spa, a business center and a fitness room. Guest rooms offer air conditioning, satellite television, a direct-dial telephone, a walk-in shower, a hair dryer, a mini bar and Wi-Fi.Hotel Tesoro Los CabosBoulevard Marina SNCabo San LucasThe Los Patios Hotel is located approximately three miles from downtown Cabo San Lucas. The Los Patios features a swimming pool and hot tub, a garden courtyard, a fitness room, a restaurant and terrace bar, a fitness room, a convenience store and a gift shop. Guest rooms offer air conditioning, a balcony or patio, a hair dryer, a coffee maker, an iron and ironing board and satellite television.Los Patios HotelTranspeninsular Highway Km 4.5Cabo San Lucas BCSLeaf Group is a USA TODAY content partner providing general travel information. Its content is produced independently of USA TODAY. Newly-elected captain, Robert Smallwoods invites golfers from near and far to take part in Faughan Valley Golf Club’s two-day competitions coming up over the Easter period.On Good Friday and Easter Saturday the club are hosting an Open Stableford competition.The same format will be in operation for Easter Sunday and Easter Monday. Both competitions offer a wide range of top quality prizes for placings and there will be the customary prizes on offer for the longest drive at the signature 11th hole as well as nearest-the-pin in the 198 yard par 3, 10th hole.Time sheets will be in operation for both competitions so members and visitors are advised to contact the club house on 02871860707 to reserve tee times.The Open Stableford competition on Saturday was won after a break of tie finish by James McLaughlin (19) 40 points, second spot went to Gregory McGlinchey (18) after he too scored 40 points and Alan McWhirter (20) with 39 points was third.The JC Halliday and Sons St Patrick Day Open was claimed by Lee O’Connor (9) after he finished with 41 points, second after a break of tie finish was Darren Redden (23) 41 points and Tony Griffiths (19) also on 40 points was third.The gross prize went to Glenn Hinds, while the front nine was claimed by David Hyndman after scoring 21 points and Alfie Campbell with 23 points was best on the back nine.Meanwhile Roe Park saw a long, wet winter finally come to an end last week as the lovely Spring sunshine descended upon the resort to lift the spirits of golfers everywhere.With the good weather came an influx of players keen to get good scores in for the Spring League and get their respective teams off to a good start.The St Patrick’s Day Open Stableford was the first of a series of competitions in the Spring League with some amazing prizes provided by sponsors ‘The Meat Locker’. Danny Quinn was a man with a mission as he emerged victorious with a staggering 45 points.Dr. Gerry Byrne finished in second place with 41 points just pipping Alan Loughery in third on count back. Andy Young has started the season in fine form indeed as he shot a superb one over round 71 to win the best gross prize.The nearest the pin prizes went to Phillip McKeever and Neil Mullan.Seamus McConalogue got his first season as Roe Park Captain underway as he hosted the Captains’ Drive-In Club Stableford on Saturday.Indeed Seamus climbed out of his sick bed to attend the competition and show the commitment and dedication becoming of a true Captain.Alex Steele played superbly as he shot a brilliant four over par 74 for 42 points to take the victory. An almost faultless round from Alex included two birdies and ten pars.Neil Mullan and Willie McCormick both scored 41 points with Neil taking second place on count back leaving Willie in third.Kieran Berryman showed exactly why he’s a four time winner of the Golfer of the Year as he shot a sublime three under par round 67 for forty points to take the gross prize.His round included five birdies and eleven pars with two bogeys the only blemishes on a superb card.The previous week saw the first Four Man Scramble competition of the year with great prizes provided by sponsor BK Cabs. Last year’s Captain Frank Boyd led the motley crew of Neville Martin, Derek Powell and Jamie Vinnicombe to victory.Derek Nicholl, Alan Rankin, Sammy Murphy and John Robson finished second.This week sees the Spring League continue with club competitions on Thursday, Saturday and Sunday.To book a tee time or for any other enquiries call The Golf Shop on 02877760105. Match & flirt with singles in harrisvilleOur alcona county singles are in the 989 area code, and might live in these or other zip codes: 48740 personals there are thousands of active singles on datehookupcom looking to chat right now we have all type of personals, christian singles, catholic, jewish singles, atheists, republicans, democrats, pet lovers, cute harrisville women. Personal ads for harrisville unfortunately we could not find profiles that match your query in harrisville, ny please expand your search. Michigan harrisville catholic singles we offer a truly catholic environment, thousands of members, and highly compatible matches. Harrisville women meet harrisville single women through singles community, chat room and forum on our 100% free dating site browse personal ads of attractive harrisville girls searching flirt, romance, friendship and love.Join singles flirt and increase your chances of meeting someone special and beautiful get in touch with attractive singles and start flirting even tonight, singles flirt. Explore datingcom and enjoy a global online dating website that offers real adventure worldwide dating is the best for those ready to experience a dating site with a truly global dating membership.Matchcom singles are serious about finding love gay and straight, from everywhere around the world, singles come to matchcom to flirt, meet. Download and install free dating app & flirt chat - match with singles in pc (windows 7,8/10 or mac) | softstribe apps.Matchcom is the number one destination for online dating with more dates, more relationships, & more marriages than any other dating or personals site. If you want to find someone outside of your usual surroundings to flirt with, join our local chat room and start a with local singles to find your perfect match. Online dating takes the emotional stress out of the process of meeting available singles sign up now and start flirting with single men in harrisville. Download free dating app & flirt chat - match with singles latest version 1521 for your android and you have provided the direct softstribe apps home.Oops, your search criteria does not perfectly match any members yet explore partial matches. Flirty9com is a 100% free online mobile dating site for iphone and android devices find singles within a few miles from you who are anxious to meet you.Meet singles in mikado are you looking for a single person special to grow old with meet singles looking for friendship, romance, love and marriage on zoosk. New singles join every day free dating app & flirt chat - match with singles flirt and dating apps dating mature 17+ 149,405 contains ads add to. Harrisville local singles 1,500,000 daily active members on plentyoffishcom you message thousands of other local singles online dating.Harrisville dating for harrisville singles flirt, or just chat with harrisville women and advanced search to find single women and men who match your. Where are all the singles in nigeria flirtnaijang is a free nigeria dating site meet singles online today. Ready to find love in harrisville or just have fun mingle2 is your #1 resource for flirting, matching & hooking up in harrisville looking for love in harrisville. Always a horse with a lot of attention on him, My Key delivered the goods at Busan this afternoon, landing his second class 1 victory in the afternoon’s feature race.As half-brother of US champion Game On Dude, big things were expected of My Key (Macho Uno), now a 4-year-old gelding. He’s no superstar but has developed into a decent campaigner. Entering today’s race with 6 wins from 16 starts behind him, he was sent off as the 2nd favourite in the 13-runner, 2000 metre race.Jockey Lim Sung Sil saved ground before unleashing My Key in the home straight and they eased away from the field to record victory by just over a length from Cheogo Gangja.It was the second class 1 race of the weekend at Busan with Friday having seen the previously unbeaten US import Cowboy Son (Cowboy Cal) struggle to 3rd place as Oreuse (Smoke Glacken) took the win in the 7-furlong feature.Up at Seoul, there was an interesting debutant on Sunday in the shape of another 4-year-old gelding, this one called Yeongsan (Menifee).One of 6 Korean-bred horses exported to Malaysia in 2012, Yeongsan ran there twice on turf before quietly returning home at the end of last year.Looking an absolute beast in comparison with a woefully overmatched class 6 field, Yeongsan sauntered to a 13-length win. We’ll take a closer look at him and the circumstances of his return over the next few days.At the business end of Seoul’s card were two class 1 races, one for foreign-bred horses and the other for domestic-bred.The foreign-bred one saw a very close finish which 8/1 chance Double Shining (Rockport Harbor) just got the best of ahead of Kentucky Galloper (Tiz Wonderful) and KRA Cup Classic winner Mari Daemul (Go For Gin).Thirty minutes later, odds-on favourite Heukgisa (A.P.Dancer) claimed the domestic race to wrap-up another weekend of racing. It’s hard to allocate scarce time and money to training, even when you know that up-to-date skills and knowledge are essential to the success of your organization, your team and your career.Citrix Education understands this challenge. That’s why we created a super-efficient solution. CMB-310: XenApp, XenDesktop, and Provisioning Services 7.1x Administration (Fast Track) is an accelerated course with big advantages:- Speed: Spend only five days out of the office, compared to seven days to get the same content typically provided in two separate courses (CXD-210: XenApp and XenDesktop 7.1x Administration and CXD-304: Provisioning Services 7.1x Administration).- Savings: CMB-310 not only costs less than enrolling in the two equivalent courses, it includes two certification exam vouchers (CCA-V and CCP-V) and the manuals for CXD-210 and CXD-304.- Skills development: The curriculum focuses on skills that will get you ready to take the CCA-V exam, and give you a head start on the CCP-V test.Intensive training pays offThe five days you devote to the CMB-310 course can deliver impressive learning results. According to Harvard Business Review, a case study of a training session “found that employees who were temporarily relieved of their duties learned over twice as fast as those who were not, more than making up for the lost productivity from training.”The pace of CMB-310 classes is a bit faster, and the days are a bit longer, but you’ll master the major aspects of installing, configuring and managing a highly available XenApp and XenDesktop 7.1x environment in less time.- Install and configure StoreFront and Citrix Receiver- Set up profile management- Configure policies, printing and basic security features- Monitor and troubleshoot the environment with Citrix DirectorChoose the right image management solutionAn important aspect of the CMB-310 course is comprehensive instruction in both Provisioning Services and Machine Creation Services. Provisioning Services uses software streaming technology to deliver virtual desktops, while Machine Creation Services uses a snapshot and clone approach.You may be wondering which technology is the right choice for your environment. By taking this course, you’ll acquire an understanding of both technologies and their capabilities so you can make an informed decision.Take some time for trainingWhether you prefer fast track, combined courses like CMB-310 or traditionally paced individual courses, Citrix Education offers you options that make it easier to schedule the training you need in the time you have available. This is the most important and last step of skin care. After cleaning routine with SkinTrends Cleansing Milk and Tonic on your face; Farmasi SkinTrends Nourishing Night Cream, developed especially for Dry and Sensitive Skin types, moistures and nourishes your skin deeply during the night while your are sleeping. Thanks to Phyto-Biotics Technology, it accelerates cell metabolism and gives healthy and bright appearance to your skin. With its rich antioxidant content, Acai Berry, protects your skin from free radicals. Moreover this antioxidant content revitalizes your skin which may look tired of stress and air pollution. Collection: SKINTRENDSUt tellus dolor, dapibus eget, elementum vel, cursus eleifend, elit. Aenean auctor wisi et urna. Aliquam erat volutpat. Duis ac turpis. Donec sit amet eros.Email us: email@example.com “MOTION OF NO CONFIDENCE – promoting a bright African future for the flavour and fragrance industry”The count-down starts to the 16th annual SAAFFI seminar!The entire fragrance and flavour industry in South Africa, including those that are allied to it, as suppliers of ingredients, equipment or services, excitedly anticipates every year the announcement of the details of the SAAFFI annual seminar and workshop.The 2018 event, the 16th SAAFFI seminar, will be held on Tuesday, 6th March at the Bytes Conference Centre in Midrand, Gauteng.The 2018 seminar themed “MOTION OF NO CONFIDENCE – promoting a bright African future for the flavour and fragrance industry”, will examine many of the positive factors that synergise towards making the future of the flavour and fragrance industry in Africa, a particularly exciting one!A world-class researcher will present the story behind exotic raw materials harvested in the wilds of northern Namibia; an expert in water management will show how our industry can help in the alleviation of the local water crisis; an African business expert will present an honest assessment of “How to do business in Africa” and flavour and fragrance trends will be highlighted. The full-day program features an impressive line-up of speakers, a hands-on workshop, an inspiring motivational presentation and a networking cocktail event, where various interesting (sometimes dramatic!) tastes and aromas will be showcased.For the last 15 years, the annual SAAFFI seminar has attracted around 200 key personnel drawn from a wide range of companies both in the flavour & fragrance sector, and from FMCG companies (who are users of flavours and fragrances), as well as academics, consultants, regulators, raw material suppliers and anyone interested in the fascinating world of fragrance and flavours. The day offers a valuable learning and networking opportunity to people in management, sales, marketing, technical, procurement, R&D, applications, operations and even tertiary level students.Addressing relevant topics of newsworthy interest, and confronting thorny business issues has always been one of the guiding principles of the organising committee. The 2015 seminar “ Back to the Future” looked at the trend of reverting to apparently out-dated technical and business practices as a means to making progress; 2016 saw the seminar addressing important emergent trends within Africa for flavours and fragrances, at the event entitled “One Africa: demonstrating the tastes and aromas of our continent; the 2017 seminar “Fast Forward to Slow” showed how pressing the pause button benefits the person and their immediate environment, and how this benefit can be translated into an advantage at work.Concerns about negotiating peak hour traffic can be happily allayed as the Gautrain transport system serves the venue.This is an industry event which offers so much for so many. Those who attend are sure to take away added skills, useful information and a solid dose of career-oriented motivation. A day not to be missed by any flavour and fragrance industry professional… An additional attraction is the jam-packed goody bag which each delegate takes home at the end of the day!SAAFFI, the South African Association of the Flavour & Fragrance Industry, represents all aspects of this fascinating industry. It unites the industry across non-competitive issues, freeing up individual organisations to grow their business.For more information, and to book for the event, go to https://saaffi.co.za/events/Sharon Bolel (Mrs)Assistant Executive DirectorSouth African Association of the Flavour & Fragrance IndustryTel: +27 (0)10 446 2047Cell: +27 (0)83 449 2696 Belmont House, Stockport is a large, traditional Victorian/Edwardianbuilding of local and historic interest, now modernised to high businessstandards. It is just 5 minutes from the M60, 5 minutes from Stockportmain-line railway station, 15 minutes from Manchester Airport and lessthan 30 minutes from the centre of Manchester by car.Belmont House, Stockport offers:A large Conference Hall (seating up to 180 with full PA/AV system)6 Meeting / Break out rooms (small & large)Fitted kitchen and facilities for serving seated food and drink includingcatering equipment for up to 100Belmont House, Stockport, is ideal for:• Community events• Social Events including Weddings, Family parties etc• Rehearsal spaces• Dance, Yoga, Pilates, Keep Fit classes etc.Rooms and facilities are available for hire on an hourly, daily and regularterm by term or annual basis.All rooms are well lit, carpeted throughout with comfortable seating,wall-space for display materials, whiteboards and flip charts. Un-metered onBelmont House, Stockport is owned and managed by the North West School of Philosophy (educational charity No. 313115)Belmont House, situated just 5 minutes’ drive from the M60 motorway and a 5 minute taxi ride from main line Stockport station is an ideal venue for weekend or evening conferences.CONCERT & THEATRE VENUEThe beautifully light assembly hall, with its warm sanded pitch pine floor will seat 150 – 175 people comfortably and lightweight folding chairs are available. It has a low, carpeted stage. The grand piano and sound amplification system are available for hire and the room is equipped with a hearing loop system.There are 6 meeting rooms available for hire with a number of comfortable areas around the building suitable for ‘break out’ sessions.Room 1 will seat 20 people in 2 rows.Room 2 will seat 20 people.Room 3 will seat 10 people.Room 4 will seat 15 people.Room 5 will seat 10 people.Room 6 will seat 15 people.Room 4/5 The dividing screen between rooms 4 & 5 can be drawn back to accommodate a meeting of 50 people.There is a small kitchen and refectory, equipped with double sink, refrigerator, electric oven, microwave oven, coffee maker & electric kettles.Equipment for serving 50+ people, such as trestle tables, tablecloths, plates, bowls, glassware, cutlery is available for hire.For costs click on: Belmont House Hire Costs. BONHAM, Texas –It has been almost 16 years since Jennifer Harris was found murdered.Harris was reported missing on Mother’s Day in 2002. Six days later, the 28-year-old’s naked body was found by a fisherman floating in the Red River.Investigators classified her death as a ‘violent homicide’ due to the extent of her injuries. Officials say her uterus had somehow been removed..“It’s very frustrating because she was pregnant and I have no doubt she would’ve been a great mother and that is an additional life that was taken, which is even worse of a crime, it’s a double murder,” Alyssa Wernick, Harris’ younger sister, told KXII.Although no one has ever been arrested for Harris’ murder, her family says they have hope that the case will soon be solved.Since taking office last year, Fannin County Sheriff Mark Johnson has made the case a priority.“The previous sheriff, of course, was not very willing to work with outside help, and so I think we’re very excited and optimistic that Sheriff Johnson will allow more of a national exposure on this case,” said Wenick.Johnson says his office is currently looking at newly obtained DNA evidence and autopsy records.The sheriff is now working with the family to come up with a $50,000 reward for anyone with information related to the case. Join Us for a unique hands-on summer experience!Each week through theme activities your children (ages 5-12) will:Explore the creative and visual arts designed to enhance and broaden their individual horizons.Participate in team-building, investigative, astonishing, activities.Enjoy local guest artist.Participate in hands-on science experiments.Experience different venues throughout the community.Take part in cooking classes.Compete in age appropriate competitionsPLUS, EVERY FRIDAY take a field trip to a fun destination Sportswomen from tennis and badminton made it to the top five in the list of India's best sportspersons, but the country still bleeds blue.Updated : January 28, 2019, 12:22 pmVirat Kohli's superlative performances on the pitch, which saw him become the fastest to cross 10,000 runs in the ODI format, and inspiring leadership skills have seen him emerge as a youth icon.Updated : January 26, 2019, 8:21 amThere were some star turns from Pujara and Bumrah and Kohli but this coveted overseas series victory in Australia was also about team India's unrelenting intensity.Updated : January 12, 2019, 7:50 amIndian cricket captain Virat Kohli on time, watches and taking the right decisions.Updated : April 3, 2018, 5:13 pmIndia's Cricket Captain, and arguably the country's favourite celebrity, Virat Kohli stamped his larger-than-life footprint across the arena of 2017. What explains his blazing form in all formats of the game and beyond?Updated : December 29, 2017, 6:54 pmKumble's one-year contract was coming to an end but the BCCI decision to not renew it came as a shocker.Updated : June 23, 2017, 5:15 pmPresenting the definitive list of India's 50 most powerful.Updated : April 17, 2017, 5:02 pmFrom use of pellet guns in Kashmir to PV Sindhu, Sakshi Malik and Dipa Karmakar winning medals at the Rio Olympics to Trinamool Congress chief Mamata Banerjee leading protest march against Centre, here is what made the headlines this year.Updated : December 31, 2016, 8:13 amFrom delicately embroidered jackets to chic dhoti saris, fashion gets a stylish makeover this festive season.Updated : November 7, 2015, 3:14 pmThe new trends, videos this week.Updated : October 28, 2015, 3:35 pmDalmiya, 75, who passed away on September 20, 2015, had qualities thatrepresented both the best and the worst of Indian cricket over the lastUpdated : September 28, 2015, 11:40 amIndian cricket is in a place where Virat Kohli, a young and perhapsover-aggressive Test captain, is leading a fairly inexperienced side.Updated : June 6, 2015, 3:21 pmMarred by scandal and a spate of on-field reverses, India's one-day captain managed to convert a struggling team into World Cup contenders, but couldn't take them all the way.Updated : March 27, 2015, 2:37 pmWhy the down-to-earth Ajinkya Rahane, the antithesis of the typical modern Indian cricketer, could be the man to watch out for in this World Cup being played on fast, bouncy tracks.Updated : February 27, 2015, 1:48 pmMarred by scandal and a spate of on-field reverses, Mahendra Singh Dhoni's boys can give Indian cricket, and themselves, a new lifeline by triumphing Down Under.Updated : February 13, 2015, 12:58 pm Using the housing market becoming more expensive, buyers must seek out the best way to encounter a cheap home. A fixer best is an excellent solution to affordably buy your 1st home within the California casing market. Purchasing one from the town is usually a lot more inexpensive because it is usually no applicant for just about any teardown where the land will be the most reliable asset.If you’re looking for a new home, but will not want to get some money or just cant afford todays developing home costs, you may look into purchasing a fixer upper. By purchasing a home within perfect condition you can save plenty of yourself a lot of money. If this appears to be something you are considering, you might be in fortune. There are always a large numbers of homes accessible around California waiting around to be restored to beauty. All you need to to learn is usually where you can appear.Listed below are the 3 most typical techniques you will discover a fixer best locally.1. Essentially the most traditional approach to finding a fixer home is simply engaging in your automobile and scouring the neighborhoods that interest you. Like this might easily not discovered a great deal of properties, even so, you might find one that in fact catches your eyesight. In the event that you perform eventually choose a fixer best this way, make sure that you take away the address aswell because the name and level of the real residence agent throughout the sign.2. Finding a home to restore can also be completed by searching the categorized advertisements. That’s also an even more traditional method of finding a clean home. An essential thing about buying fixer top in this manner is usually you’ll be able to search by region and price without ever having to leave home.3. And undoubtedly looking for any fixer best online. You will see two solutions to do this: it is possible to either search a distinct segment site that provides entries from a variety of property firms, or it is possible to travel to the website of every indie agency. The point is, you can discover a large amount of home elevators any more inexpensive homes that could capture your eyesight. These websites give info on prices, aswell as photos of both outside and interior when accessible. By buying fixer best online, you can create sure yourself of sounding the biggest level of properties accessible in town, and save a while as well!However, furthermore, it pays to utilize an experienced realtor that could spot major complications, advise you in what extra inspections you could consider and likewise will have a fantastic contact list for reliable businesses and others you may consult with.General, getting a fixer best can be executed in a number of different ways. Instead of overlooking the program, perhaps you should test drive it out for? It doesn’t price anything to seem, and you’ll discover a fixer best is your answer into the casing marketplace or methods to gain a desire house.Within the writer package put something such as Debra Miller has a long time of encounter in the real estate marketplace and the net page also allows full MLS access for searching for homes accessible in the Sacramento area and could help discover fixer uppers within the Placerville Market. Vikings quarterback Matt Cassel opted out of the second year of his two-year contract, making him a free agent on March 11. At a time when many presume he’ll leave, the team’s new coach wants Cassel to return. But only if Cassel wants to return.“I would love to have Matt Cassel back if Matt Cassel wants to be back,” Zimmer said Thursday, via Chris Tomasson of the St. Paul Pioneer Press. “I don’t know if that will happen or won’t happen. But we’re going to find a quarterback somewhere. . . . If Matt wants to come back, I’m sure that we’ll get it worked out.”Zimmer realizes that, before Cassel can pick the Vikings, Cassel will look at what’s avaiable.“I think everyone wants to explore,” Zimmer said. “He’s got a bunch of pretty girls looking at him right now, and he wants to explore and see what’s best for him.”If Cassel’s objective is to play, the prettiest girl could be the one he’s currently dating. After getting burned by using the 12th overall pick on Christian Ponder in 2011, the Vikings may be inclined to not use the eighth overall pick this season on a quarterback. Maybe with Cassel, who had a direct role in each of the team’s five wins last season, the Vikings could let Norv Turner work his magic with Cassel while perhaps taking a swing at a mid-round prospect who could become a Russell Wilson for Zimmer and company.Ultimately, a team’s plans for Cassel will be revealed by the financial investment they’re willing to make. Making a fashion impact with your bridal style choices is always a good idea and there have never been more options to choose from when it comes to style, texture and silhouette. For our Fall & Winter 2018 issue, we decided to have fun planning with all of these elements—the results is this amazing shoot by Toronto-based photographer Riley Stewart. These bridal ensembles are all about playful textural details like feathers, tulle and three-dimensional lace, which bring a fun, super-fashionable feel to your bridal style. Bet you can’t pick just one!Editor and creative producer, Alison McGill. Photography, Riley Stewart. Styling, Tara Williams. Hair, Tony Masciangelo for Alcorn Hair/PIM. Makeup, Nikki Strachan. First published in the Fall/Winter 2018 issue of Weddingbells. Walkers advises on the laws of Bermuda*, the British Virgin Islands (BVI), the Cayman Islands, Guernsey, Ireland and Jersey (Channel Islands). We are experienced in all types of international and cross-border transactions covering a broad range of sectors with a particular focus on both contentious and non-contentious corporate and finance law, investment funds, private equity, structured products, capital markets and trusts.Walkers works in exclusive association with Kevin Taylor, trading as 'Walkers Bermuda', a full service commercial law firm providing advice on all aspects of Bermuda law.Walkers Professional Services provides registered office, corporate, and fiduciary services from Bermuda, the Cayman Islands, Dubai, Hong Kong and Ireland. We also provide compliance services from the Cayman Islands through Walkers Compliance, a one-stop-shop which helps clients address evolving Anti-Money Laundering Regulations, including outsourcing and supporting their compliance functions. Working together with Walkers law firm, Walkers Professional Services delivers a seamless integration of legal, corporate, fiduciary and compliance services.Walkers delivers clear, concise and practical advice based on an in-depth knowledge of the legal, regulatory and commercial environment in Bermuda, the British Virgin Islands, the Cayman Islands, Guernsey, Ireland and Jersey.Killian is an Of Counsel in the Walkers Asset & Aviation Finance Group. Killian advises banks, financial institutions, international aircraft operating lessors, aircraft owners, financial arrangers and private equity groups on asset finance transactions.Killian has advised on the financing and leasing of both fixed wing and rotary aircraft including government-supported financings, secured lending, cross-border and operating leases, the purchase and sales of single aircraft and multi-aircraft portfolios, workouts and restructurings, debt finance and security matters, domestic and cross-border tax-driven leasing, pre-delivery financing and sale and lease-back financing.Killian also has experience on a wide range of cross border banking and finance transactions, including bilateral and syndicated lending, leveraged and acquisition financings and restructurings.Prior to joining Walkers, Killian was an associate in the finance department of a leading law firm after qualifying at the same firm. During his time there, Killian was seconded to Lloyds Banking Group, London.Admitted In:IrelandQualifications:LL.B., National University of Ireland, GalwayB.Corp.Law, National University of Ireland, GalwayDip.Arb., University College Dublin2019 Legal 500 - Recomended Lawyer (Asset Finance)Member of the Incorporated Law Society of Ireland Member of the Dublin Solicitors Bar Association Users will get access to the full game, including the single player campaign and all multiplayer content, for 10 hours of play time before having to wait until the game’s public release date of March 17. UPDATE: Only a portion of the single player campaign will be accessible during the early access period. All progress earned during the early play period will carry over to the final game.Anyone in the US playing during this time will also be entered for a chance to win a custom Battlefield Hardline-themed Xbox One console and controller, according to the video ad that you can catch above.So, will you be playing Battlefield Hardline on March 12? Bergoglio’s List: Pope Francis and political oppression in ArgentinaWithin hours of the election of Jorge Mario Bergoglio to the papacy, the world press began to retail stories that Fr. Bergoglio may have been complicit in serious human rights violations under the military regime which ruled Argentina between 1976 and 1983. This innuendo was based primarily on reports originating with the discredited regime itself, reports which were later shown to be part of the regime’s propaganda campaign to sow doubt among its opponents.Fortunately, the various reports displayed considerable interpretive confusion, and this prompted veteran Italian investigative journalist Nello Scavo to dig as deeply as possible into the actions and relationships of Fr. Bergoglio during the Argentinian reign of terror. What Scavo discovered is that, much as with Msgr. Hugh O’Flaherty and Oskar Schindler in response to Hitler, there was a significant list of endangered men and women whom Fr. Bergoglio smuggled out of Argentina under the very nose of the regime, saving their lives.During these years, the military government of Argentina, though obviously right-wing, exercised a lawless totalitarian control over the country that was typical of the worst Communist regimes. Round-ups were frequent of people suspected of being hostile to the regime or in favor of social justice. These would be held and tortured for long periods in order to get the names of other potential enemies of the State, and then they were either dumped in mass graves or, very commonly, flown over the Atlantic and dropped into the ocean from lethal heights.Although initial estimates placed the numbers of these chupados (those who had been “sucked up”) at just under 10,000, further research has indicated that 30,000 is a more accurate estimate. Together, they are called the desaparecidos—those who were “disappeared”. In a parallel horror, the government routinely seized newborn babies from women giving birth in hospitals and gave them to high-ranking military families.Essentially, this brutal regime sought to eliminate anyone who was concerned about social conditions, which even included shutting down sociology and political science departments in the nation’s universities. Among priests and religious, those were most at risk who lived and worked among the poor. Anyone who did this, regardless of motive, was dismissed as a Communist and treated as an enemy of the State. Priests were murdered, and even one bishop who attended the funeral of two murdered priests and asked questions. Among the Jesuits, it was also those who ministered to the poor who were targeted.But the regime never discovered the defiant resourcefulness of the Provincial Superior of the Jesuits in Argentina, Jorge Maria Bergoglio.Their strength within the Catholic Church and their links to an international Order put the Jesuits in a better position than most to transmit information to the outside world. Moreover, because they had their own university complete with housing and food service, the Argentine Jesuits at least had the possibility of working quietly to protect people from the military regime. Of course, this depended on their ability to act without arousing the suspicions of the government, which could easily move against them should it have “credible” evidence of “subversive” activity. The young Provincial—Bergoglio was 36 when elected in 1973 and 39 when the military coup took place—seems to have immediately realized the possibilities and the dangers of his position. Moreover, his instructions from Rome were to do whatever he could to protect his brothers in the Order.Most of the lay people, seminarians and priests who were protected by Bergoglio were targeted by the regime but not yet arrested. Whenever possible, he would bring them into the Jesuit compound in Buenos Aires as if they were seeking spiritual direction or considering a vocation. Bergoglio kept what he was doing secret, in most cases, even from the other Jesuits there, knowing that if any of them were detained and tortured, disaster would be almost inevitable.He also instructed each of his guests to observe a standard series of security precautions, such as always going about in small groups so that they were harder to “disappear”; keeping silent about their true circumstances even among others within the compound; and avoiding the local post office, instead giving their letters to Bergoglio, who would see that they were mailed from outlying postal units, where the government was less rigorous in examining the mail.The Provincial also taught these endangered “guests” to write letters and engage in phone conversations only in a kind of code, using conversations about the weather (“very stormy”) or health (“have been sick but am now recovering”) to indicate their situation to those with whom they felt a need to communicate. He even urged three seminarians, whom he protected on behalf of the murdered bishop, to avoid the main stairways and to use the elevators only when otherwise empty, so that nobody else there overhear anything suggesting they were seminarians sought by the government.Bergoglio would house his “guests” with the Jesuits only for as long as it took to arrange to move them out of the country through secret and circuitous paths. Working with Jesuits and bishops in neighboring countries, and with the help of the Apostolic Delegate Pio Laghi and a few others, Bergoglio was often able to get required passports and other papers. He would smuggle his charges to an isolated spot where they could cross a border. There they would be met by trustworthy friends in the new country, and finally taken to relatively safe airports from which they could be flown to Europe.Occasionally, however, the Jesuit Provincial had to try to free priests who had already been seized. In the most prominent case of two Jesuit priests who had been working among the poor, Bergoglio used a network of informants to find out where they were being held, discovering that it was at the naval center (ESMA). He met with both Admiral Massera and General Vidella (two of the ruling triumvirate) to demand their release.In the latter case, he found out the name of the chaplain who said Mass for Vidella, convinced the chaplain to feign illness so that Bergoglio could take his place, got into the General’s home, and told him point blank that he knew the government had his priests and, as their provincial, if they were not released, he would denounce the whole affair. Instead of being murdered, the priests were promptly drugged and dumped in the middle of a swamp to distance them from the naval center. It took many months for Bergoglio to get even this far, but his priests survived to be smuggled out of the country.Nello Scavo, the investigative journalist mentioned at the outset, published a five-part series in the Italian newspaper which employed him, Avvenire, and this caused something of a revolution in media speculation on the Pope’s past. Scavo went on to publish a book on the subject in 2013 entitled (for obvious cinematic reasons) La Lista di Bergoglio. It has now been published in English by Saint Benedict Press: Bergolgio’s List. The research was difficult because so many who had been helped by Bergoglio wanted to honor his long-standing policy of saying as little as possible about his role, so that it would not be interpreted as an effort of the Church to capitalize on an unfortunate situation.But Scavo dug out the truth. His book ably covers the situation in Argentina under military rule, the horrors of the regime, a dozen case studies of people Bergoglio saved, and even the positive conclusion of Amnesty International—no friend of the Church—that, despite extensive study, there was no evidence against the Pope. In a fascinating appendix, Scavo also includes the extensive testimony given by Cardinal Bergoglio in 2010 in the trial concerning the atrocities at ESMA (the Argentine naval center). It is significant that in his testimony he distinguishes sharply between priests who pursued liberation theology with “Marxist hermeneutics” and those who, attentive to the instructions of the Congregation for the Doctrine of the Faith on this subject, sought a truly Christian liberation for the poor.Indeed, some of the priests whom Bergoglio saved were aware that he did not approve of certain aspects of their ministry. But when it came to saving lives, this did not matter. In all, Scavo estimates that, while he was the Jesuit Provincial in Argentina, Pope Francis definitely saved dozens of people of every stripe, from atheists to devout Catholics, and most likely more than a hundred. But with fresh information still emerging from that dark period, Scavo is convinced that Bergoglio’s list is not yet complete.All comments are moderated. To lighten our editing burden, only current donors are allowed to Sound Off. If you are a donor, log in to see the comment form; otherwise please support our work, and Sound Off!Posted by: garedawg -Nov. 08, 2014 11:48 AM ET USAIt sounds similar also to the experiences of Pope Pius XII during WWII.Posted by: Randal Mandock -Nov. 07, 2014 1:59 PM ET USANot being God, but aspiring to imitate Christ, Bishop Bergoglio did not know the condition of the souls he served. Thus he had no choice but to save both the wheat and the chaff, and to let God sort them out at the harvest. True to his calling, the future pope did his duty.Posted by: Edward I. -Nov. 07, 2014 12:05 AM ET USAWe are blessed to have such a man at the helm of our ship. God loves his Church.Posted by: mario.f.leblanc5598 -Nov. 06, 2014 8:16 PM ET USASo our Holy Father had a life experience that must be similar in some ways to what was happening in the first few centuries of the Church. Let us thank the Holy Spirit for such a gift, and our Lord Jesus Christ for keeping his promise of being with us 'til the end of the world. More About DODGE Challenger With Dodge Challenger Giveaway – Challenger Dream Giveaway®- History of the 2015 Hellcat X For Margate City 8402 NJ.*Prizes identified, logos, brands, and other trademarks referred to herein are the property of their respective trademark holders and FCA US LLC (formerly Chrysler Group LLC) is not a sponsor of this promotion.Enter to win two Challengers at and get DOUBLE bonus tickets w/ a $25 or greater donation to charities. The prize package includes the 2015 Hellcat X Challenger, a rare 1970 Challenger R/T 440 Magnum plus $40K towards prize taxes in a Dream Giveaway benefiting children and military charities!See all giveaways at: www.dreamgiveaway.comChallenger Dream Giveaway®- History of the 2015 Hellcat X, More About DODGE Challenger With Dodge Challenger Giveaway.Find For Margate City 8402 NJ, Popolar Updates Related to Dodge Challenger Wing, Dodge Challenger Giveaway or even Dodge Challenger Brochure, Please Bookmark LoveDodge.com Blog. Taizhou Weihao Machinery Co.,Ltd is a high-tech enterprise professionally engaged in research & development, manufacturing and marketing of the Brushless DC Frequency Conversion Scroll Compressor which widely used in air conditioning of new-energy automotive, bus and rail transit vehicles since 2008. As the initiator of electric drive A/C in China and the constitutor of China electric vehicles A/C Standard, Weihao high quality scroll compressors are regarded as being a dependable choice. We are continually developing and improving technologies to enhance product performance to suit various applications and use environment. Taizhou Weihao Machinery Co.,Ltd has advanced production, testing and R&D equipment, such as automatic coil winding machines, bursting test machine, computer numerical control machine, coordinate measuring machine and others. As well as with the production capacity of annual output of 400 thousand sets of semi hermetic electric scroll compressors.Manufactured products undergo strict quality testing procedures, product quality, service and thoughtful. We are ISO 9001 approved company with high standard of QA management system. We get high praise from our customers in quality and delivery time.Compare with the traditional electric scroll compressor, our products are variable frequency with permanent magnetism, saving around 30% of energy with the same working condition. Non-phase sequence wiring is adopted to avoid damage in compressor due to the lack of phase. High efficient of energy-saving and power-saving.Contact: Mr. Lance / Mr. PerryAdd：Gaozhang Industrial Zone, Xiachen, Jiaojiang, Taizhou, Zhejiang, China. A roundup of the best content from the members of the Facebook group, Healthy Living Community! Get to know the members of this group and consider joining yourself to BOOST your own blog.If there is one thing I have learned through my 8(!) years of blogging, it’s that each blogger grows and becomes a better content creator by helping and supporting those around them. I owe so much of my success and learning from other people in the healthy living (and general) blogging community. As the saying goes…We push each other to get better. We could never be as good alone as we are together.That’s why about 2.5 years ago, two blogger friends and I started a Facebook group in which bloggers like ourselves could share, support, and learn from one another. Formerly known as Healthy Living Blogging Boost, the Healthy Living Community is a group is all about supporting other healthy living bloggers through daily social media share threads and weekly follow threads. Together we will grow our blogs, learn from each other, and have some fun in the process! This is a place for support, sharing, and questions! We highly encourage and a appreciate participation.We have our own Pinterest board (for members of the group only!), have made long-lasting friendships & business connections, and have all witness our blogs grow as a result of the daily interactions within the group.Starting this month, I will be hosting an end of month link-up to highlight some of the amazing work done by our members. In addition, we will have a member spotlight each month to feature on of our fabulous members who actively participates, engages in, and supports the group.If you have your own Healthy Living Blog and want more info on HLC or want to join the fun, click here!And now to kick things off with our May feature and link love…Member of the Month: May 2018Name: Deborah BrooksBlog: Confessions of a Mother RunnerHow long have you been blogging? Just over 4 yearsTell us a little bit about your blog and why you started: My blog started as an extension of my Moms Run This Town group and a way to connect with other like-minded mother runners. My content is centered on running and fitness for the everyday athlete. I frequently discuss my adventures with my MRTT group and the Girls on The Run Team I coach. I also share my passion for vegetarian living by hosting a weekly Meatless Monday link up where I share original recipes..co-hosted by A Whisk and Two Wands.What’s a fun fact about yourself or your blog that the other members in the group may not know yet? I have a master’s in social work with a specialization in eating disorders. I really enjoyed working in the field before I had my kids and retired to be a stay at home mom. I try to use some of those social work skills to coach my girls on the run team. You will usually see me running around with my crew!Share a link to one of your favorite posts:One of my fave recipes: Easy Muffin Pan Huevos RancherosRecent running post I like: I’m Never Running a MarathonThanks Deborah! We are so grateful to have you as a member!And now for some amazing work from our members from the past month…45 Vegan Memorial Day Recipes | Abbey’s KitchenStrawberry Rhubarb Crisp | Jessica LevinsonHow to Lose Weight by Walking | Natalie’s HealthEssential Oils for KIDS | Ilka’s BlogDairy-Free Creamy Roasted Plantain Soup | Finding Happy in HealthyI Don’t Have a Summer Body…And That’s Okay| Healthy HelperHummus Stuffed Burgers | Sinful NutritionStrawberry Rose Chia Jam | Food Pleasure HealthHow You Can Change Your Mindset and Boost Self-Confidence | Jill Conyers5 Morning Practices for a Balanced & Productive Day | Tasting PageWant to join HLC? Click here!Stay connected:Subscribe to Healthy HelperFacebook: Healthy HelperTwitter: @Healthy_HelperInstagram: HealthyHelperPinterest: Healthy_HelperBloglovin’: Healthy HelperGoogle+: Healthy HelperTumblr: Healthy Helper BlogSnapchat: KailaProulxWant to get FREE products for review and make money as a blogger? Check out Linqia!HLC Members! Feel free to link up to TWO blog posts from the past month that you are proud of or would like some extra love on! Be sure to go around and support other member’s work as always. ?❤ Regardless of your industry, data and analytics play a critical role in making positive decisions in the workplace. Whether you want to gather some detailed reporting on your contractor workforce hours or analyse your payroll functions, technology is paving the way for these insights.However, while many businesses have the technology to access this information, a recent report highlights that very few have the capability to take any meaningful data of it.KPMG International’s Going Beyond the Data – Turning Data from Insights into Value report surveyed 830 senior business executives across 15 nations. According to the findings, 97 per cent use data and analytic technology, though only 19 per cent noted they were ‘satisfied’ with the insights offered.KPMG Global Head of Data and Analytics (D&A) Christian Rast explained the results in more detail.“In the last two years, we’ve seen a tremendous increase in D&A adoption and maturity across organisations; for example, more than 80 per cent in our survey say they are making faster, more accurate decisions with D&A, and over 67 per cent use D&A to reduce risk,” he said.“Yet, we also know that business leaders face some critical challenges in realising the full value of their data insights in the areas of revenue growth, serving customers and overall competitive advantage.”What departments use data and analytics the most?Based on KPMG’s report, the HR department is among the most active in data and analytics use, alongside R&D, supply chain and finance. Almost half (47 per cent) of these departments agreed that productivity was the primary driver from data and analytic adoption.KPMG Partner Anthony Coops noted organisations need to understand that insight doesn’t materialise from data alone.“The ability to apply advanced analytics that can map the data to the critical business drivers and issues calls for stronger alignment between the business and the analytics process,” he stated.Similarly, Forbes reported IBM statistics that suggest poor data insight can cost business between 20 and 35 per cent of their operating revenue – something that can have a dramatic effect on an organisation of any size.Are you looking for an analytical edge?In the IT contracting industry, there is only one provider to consider for your data and analytic needs: Oncore Services. With a proud history in the Australian market, our expert team can help both recruiters and businesses gather the necessary data through vital business functions to boost productivity and ensure your contractors are looked after.For more information on how to get started, be sure to get in touch with us. As executive search professionals we are often asked by prospective clients to set out our capabilities. Rather than creating a long list of products, we prefer to think of ourselves as a client focused search firm that delivers on its promises.Compliance and discretion go hand in hand. Our clients include many of the world’s most successful financial institutions, corporations, consulting firms and law firms, many of whom operate globally and in the most challenging jurisdictions. They turn to us because we build trusted relationships with our candidates and they know that our network and discretion are crucial to any successful search.Market Intelligence & ServicesArion House takes immense pride in its network, painstakingly developed over 20 years of combined experience. In a confidential manner we make available the information it generates for the benefit of all. Whether you are actively hiring or not, we aim to provide the most relevant up-to-date market information empowering you to make timely, informed, human capital decisions.Information such as market-mapping and bench-marking, are frequently requested, as are our research documents and candidate short-lists providing detailed professional profiles and our evaluation against the best the market has to offer.Through our own monthly publication, House, and our weekly newsletter, InHouse, we provide detailed and up to date intelligence on the regulatory market place. Don’t forget to sign up!In a time of heightened regulation and increased regulatory scrutiny, the pressure on organisations to build world class compliance and regulatory risk functions has increased dramatically.Lean and agile enough to be free of prescriptive solutions, Arion House caters its efforts to the individual requirements of each client, focussing on truly understanding your needs as we know the right hire is more than just a CV!Our extensive network, regulatory specialism and experience of the challenges faced by clients within the global regulatory environment ensures that Arion House is uniquely positioned to partner with outstanding candidates, both locally and globally. Colour in the summer tree with lots of brightly coloured green leaves!Summer Tree Colouring PageSummer is a time for embracing nature. If sunshine fails and it is too wet to get outside you can enjoy nature indoors this summer with this beautiful summer nature doodle colouring page.What does a tree look like in summer? This summer tree doodle page asks children to add in the details - leaves, fruit or flowers perhaps - before colouring in the picture. Are you Looking for Guys? Check out the the profile previews below and you may just see if you can find your perfect match. Send a message and arrange to go out later tonight. We have thousands of other members who have always been looking to date somebody just like you!Register your 100% Free Profile Now The draw for our allocation for Wimbledon tickets will take place on Sunday 1st May at 5.00pm. All those who have opted in and have paid their subscriptions for this year will be eligible. As always we allow one pair of tickets per family, though all eligible members of the family can enter. You will be given instructions on how to pay for the tickets when they are drawn and allocated and you will have a limited time to pay AELTC. You may use a proxy on the day if you can’t make it in person – sorry it’s the Bank Holiday weekend) but they will need to choose the date as available and pass on the payment instructions.To add to the fun we are organising an American Fun Tournament the same afternoon from 2.00 – 4.30pm. All members are welcome at the tournament which Ollie will organise on the day and the Draw will follow.I look forward to seeing you on the 1st. Interested in a custom design?Hi! Adriana here.When I'm designing ketubahs, there's nothing I love more than working with a couple to bring their vision to life.I often find that couples want to capture a place that has significance for them (such as where they met, where they're from, or where they're going) or a time of year that has meaning (my husband and I are both obsessed with the fall).After you tell me your vision and we discuss the symbols and colors that capture your relationship, I'll use a combination of hand-painted elements and graphic design to create something completely unique. You'll have the opportunity to see the design before it's finalized so that you can provide feedback. Once you're completely happy with your custom ketubah, I will have it printed and shipped to your door.Prices for a custom ketubahs and wedding certificates typically range from $500 - $900, with nature scenes on the lower half and complicated architectural illustrations on the upper half. That said, I can often come up with semi-custom options to fit your vision that are a little less expensive, and I do my very best to provide options in everyone's price point.- Initial consultation over skype or phone- I provide a written quote / sketch of your idea (no obligation!)- If you'd like to move forward, I'll send you an invoice for a 50% deposit- When your design is completed, you'll receive a full proof- I'll make edits to your design- Once you sign off, it's printed and shipped!Schedule a complimentary 30 minute consultation with artist and founder Adriana Saipe.She'll go over your ideas, ask all her design questions, and then send you an illustrated quote for the project. A welcome reinvention of vintage denim jackets. The Anders Jacket is shaped to an oversized fit, with a leopard printed denim body, contrasted by light grey sweatshirt sleeves and frayed hem.Model is 5'8" / 173cm and wears a size M/L.Gentle machine wash.Wash inside out.Install the app to homescreenJoin 3 Million shoppers using Love the Sales1m+ deals live every day.Get alerted when items you love drop in price.We personalise your sales to find you the best deals from your favourite brands. The Cultus Lake Park Board is looking for input on four possible growth scenarios for the future.They’re part of a review of the community’s Official Community Plan, which will guide planning decisions in the future.The scenarios are based on input from the community following an open house in the fall and public surveys, as well as from the Future Plan Advisory Committee, park board staff and local stakeholder groups.The scenarios, which are posted on line and were on display at the lake over the weekend, range from the status quo, to a 75 per cent increase in the park board area’s total population base and a 92 per cent increase in its commercial area.The low growth scenario includes a more modest population growth projection of 20 per cent, with the addition of 170 new residential units, taking the form of secondary suites and infill housing.Income from an expanded Sunnyside Campground, which currently provides nearly 50 per cent of the Park Board’s revenue, would grow by 10 per cent, while the new residential units would add as much as 16 per cent.The third scenario would include residential development around Cultus Lake Golf Course, as well as the extension of Park and Mountain View. That would add 320 new housing units to increase the park board area’s housing stock by 70 per cent.Population would increase by 40 per cent, with the addition of 680 new residents.The most ambitious scenario would add 650 new residential units, for an overall increase of 1,350 new residents – an increase of 75 per cent.The total commercial area, meanwhile, would jump by 92 per cent.All four scenarios carry costs. Even the status quo would require roughly $3.5 million in infrastructure upgrades for water and sewer services.The most aggressive growth scenario would require $4.5 million in water upgrades and another $7.5 million in sewer system upgrades.Vehicle traffic would also increase. Currently there are about 900 vehicle trips in and out of the Cultus Lake Park Board area. That would increase by 25 per cent under the low growth scenario, 30 per cent under the moderate, and 75 per cent under the high growth scenario.Park board staff is looking for feedback on the four proposals. They hope to winnow down the four scenarios to one, which will form the blueprint for future land use in the park board area.The public is invited to complete an online survey at www.surveymonkey.com/s/F35MWM9.For more information, go to plancultus.com/plancultus-scenarios/. SAP automotive industry solutionOur automotive logistics solutions let client to focus on the opportunities as well as the challenges. The report is intended to automobile OEMs, automobile contract producers, government organizations for overall industry evaluation, venture capital firms and competitive analysis. The report supplies an in-depth analysis of market place size and will serve as a supply for 360-degree analysis of the market place thoroughly delivering insights into the market place for much better enterprise choices.Share platforms and manufacturing. When the aim is to boost efficiency in capital outlays, a very good spot to commence is with platform (or chassis) and powertrain investments. Now that every single auto maker is designing and creating its own engines, transmissions, and connected gear, the amount of duplication within the sector is extraordinary. This is specially wasteful due to the fact buyers rarely acquire cars for the platform — rather, they focus on such attributes as styling, quality, and reliability. Many OEMs, of course, already repurpose” platforms across brands and models. Nevertheless, platform sharing among OEMs is rare. A single of the couple of examples is Nissan’s deal with Daimler to jointly develop the MFA platform, which is used on Nissan’s Infiniti QX30 model and Mercedes’ CLA and GLA models. In the U.S., GM and Ford are jointly designing a new ten-speed transmission (their second generation of transmission collaboration).KPO is Information Processing Outsourcing, not to be confused with BPO, which is Business Processing Outsourcing. KPO is about supplying expertise based solutions in the regions like market place research, enterprise study, economic investigation, legal services, etc., even though BPO is about offering customer care services, technical support, tele-sales and so on. KPO market place is anticipated to grow from US $ 1.3 billion in the year 2003 to US $ 17 billion in the year 2010. KPO sector is expected to grow at a compounded annual development price (CAGR) of 49.5% till 2010. According to the National Association of Software and Services Organizations (NASSCOM), But according to Rocsearch, a UK primarily based analysis firm, KPO sector will be able to attain 100,000 staff only rather of 250,000 personnel. Consequently, to fill the demand and supply gap training has now become an critical tool like every other technical sector.Automotive Manufacturingauto manufacturing industry analysisups automotive industry solutionsAutomotive dealers have a quantity of objectives to meet with respect to stock levels. From extended-term point of view, inexpensive financing and costs discounts, increasing revenue levels, and infrastructure developments will drive the growth in majority of Asian automotive marketplace. As the auto-shows begins in February 2016, the industry promised a blend of technology and automotives. With the recession trend breaking its leashes kind the past two years, 2016 is anticipated to get back on track with the sales of automobiles in the country.Poor infrastructure affecting the growth pattern in Asian automotive market e.g. industrial autos dominates Indonesian and two wheelers in Sri Lankan automotive market place due to the poor roads. In 1958, GBML began manufacturing refrigerators, its very first property appliance item. GSL ventured into animal feed in 1971 to help dairy and poultry farmers rear healthier livestock. Godrej Pacific commenced operations in 1982 as the Electronic Enterprise Equipment (EBE) Division of GBML.The Godrej story started in 1897, when Ardeshir Burjorji Godrej (Ardeshir) gave up his legal practice and began manufacturing locks in a little shed at Lalbaug near Mumbai. Thus was GBML born. His brother, Phirozshah Godrej (Phirozshah), carried on the pioneering operate and in 1905 GBML constructed its very first secure, hence getting into the security equipment company.5 Forces Analysis Of The Automotive Businesssap automotive industry solutionsap automotive industry solutionsIntroduction: Riordan Manufacturing is a fortune 1000 enterprise and a international plastics producer employing 550 men and women with projected annual earning of $46 million and revenues in excess of $1 billion. Inventory: When Toyota began creating into an automobile manufacturing facility, they were forced to eliminate as several further costs as feasible. 1 way they did this was to eradicate capital resources sitting unused in their components warehouse. They realized that if their revenue was tied up into parts that could not be turned about into saleable goods in an effective manner, then they would most most likely not survive as a young company. Alternatively, they worked closely with there supply partners to acquire inventory that was needed to manufacture goods in accordance with customer demand. The goods had been then sold more swiftly, and higher money flow was designed to purchase the next order of components from suppliers.Revolutionary software developments could make tomorrow’s automobiles exceptionally costly: OEMs and suppliers need to earmark resources for acquiring new technology and recruiting skilled technical talent. Several of the new functions going into vehicles demand the experience of software engineers, who by and massive favor the ostensibly a lot more dynamic operate environments of Silicon Valley startups to those of the automotive market. As a outcome, some of the recent mergers and acquisitions in the automobile sector had been undertaken to augment in-residence technical information and capabilities. For instance, German supplier ZF Group, which paid US$12.four billion in 2015 to obtain TRW in order to expand into the electronic security and connectivity marketplace, took a 40 percent stake in vehicle radar supplier Ibeo Automotive Systems in 2016.The automobile industry is supported by a variety of variables such as availability of skilled labour at low expense, robust R&D centres and low-cost steel production. The sector also provides great possibilities for investment and direct and indirect employment to skilled and unskilled labour. Complete study methodology of the global Automotive Contract manufacturing market place.Automotive Industry Solutionsautomotive industry software solutionsups automotive industry solutionsFrom production, sales and shipping to acquiring, goods receipt and communication management, there is a massive demand for centralized, clear and fully integrated SCM systems to cover the complete process, using the formats standard to the automobile market. These numbers virtually outweigh the optimistic sales and earnings outcomes. They paint a picture of a sector that is a much less desirable or much less profitable spot to invest than other industries. This assessment suggests that there will be reasonably handful of winners in the auto sector for the duration of the subsequent 5 years and beyond. These that do stand out will be the organizations that harness their limited capital resources in inventive ways, to navigate a nevertheless-unfolding and unfamiliar landscape.This is due to two major factors. Very first, American manufacturers may possibly face rising competitors from their foreign counterparts, mainly simply because they have reduced charges of labor than the U.S. This is because the sector, already fairly globalized, is anticipated to become even much more so from 2018-2023. MaxMunus Offer you Globe Class Virtual Instructor-led training on Technologies. We have market expert trainer. We supply Instruction Material and Computer software Support. MaxMunus has effectively carried out 100000+ pieces of coaching in India, USA, UK, Australia, Switzerland, Qatar, Saudi Arabia, Bangladesh, Bahrain and UAE and so forth.The worldwide automotive pie is expanding in 2018. Our evaluation shows that the Q2 annualised sales rate for the worldwide light car market place was up 3.8% on final year’s pace at just over 97m units. The marketplace is closing in on 100m. By the year-finish, we’ll be speaking about an additional record year, with China posting more than 30m units, the US close to 17m and Western Europe over 14m once more. Emerging markets such as Indonesia and India are also producing a expanding contribution to the annual tally. Global economic growth for 2018 and 2019 is projected by significant forecasters at close to 4% in each year – a respectable level by historical requirements. In 1992, I began a Ph.D. program in developmental psychology at the University of Oregon. This was an exciting, groundbreaking time to study young children in research labs across the country. The field of infant brain research was in its own infancy. Psychologists, neurologists and other scientists focused on developing and using new technologies that could map and measure brain activity, using geodesic nets that at first glance resembled those things the precogs wore in Minority Report.This inaugural research led to amazing discoveries about brain structures and functioning during the first three years of life. This decade and the next marked a monumental time when science, public policy, education and the industrial toy complex intersected in sometimes amazing, sometimes overly commercial ways. State governments were sending Mozart CDs to new moms. Toys were branded with words such as brainy, IQ and neuro in their titles. Early childhood conferences boasted keynotes and workshops about techniques for supporting early brain development through curriculum and playthings, and you couldn’t attend a baby shower without someone gifting a Baby Einstein video.In many ways, this surge of interest and these fascinating findings in the field of infant brain research a few decades ago are now mirrored in what we see in the field of adolescent neuroscience. We are standing on the verge of an exciting time to be working with tweens and teens because of the scientific findings that verify adolescence as a unique developmental period—and that help us better understand this time of life. In turn, this understanding can inform how we approach teaching and learning with the students in our ministry.First, a quick lesson on brain anatomy and functioning. When we are born, we have all the brain cells we’ll ever have, about 100 billion. (Talk about a grand entrance!) From that point on, brain cells (also called neurons) begin to die; but that’s because efficiencies in neural development begin from the time we are born. A baby doesn’t need to grow more brain cells. A baby needs the neurons she has to start becoming more efficient in communicating with each other. Cells that communicate with each other more frequently will build stronger, richer pathways, while pathways that form but are not regularly activated can weaken or disappear. This process of pathway formation and loss is summed up in the concise phrase “Use it or lose it,” which captures how our brains continuously are disposed to respond to the physical, social, cognitive and emotional environment around us.Gardening the BrainThe formation of neural pathways can be explained by two major processes that have names that may remind you more of gardening than gray matter. The section of a brain cell that connects with nearby cells is called a dendrite. An individual neuron can have thousands of them that look like the spread of a single tree’s branches. Dendritic arborization occurs when additional dendrites grow in response to more exposure to visual information. This arborization happens when we are exposed repeatedly to stimuli in our environment (e.g., the sound of a loved one’s voice, the taste of a dish you only eat at Christmas, the sight of the exit sign you take to get home). Dendritic arborization also occurs when we repeat actions so they become smoother and more coordinated. The squawking violin sounds of one’s earliest attempts to play the instrument transform into Mozart’s minuets; a swarm of preschoolers on a soccer field becomes the limber, graceful kicks of a middle school team. As a result of repeated experience, our cells grow richer, denser networks of dendrites.Branching out and growth isn’t the only process going on here. A process called synaptic pruning is a necessary part of brain development, too. If dendritic connections kept growing and expanding, the brain would become slower and less efficient. The process of pruning occurs to connections that are not used as frequently so the brain transmits impulses efficiently. (That’s the “lose it” part of “Use it or lose it” at work.)Architects of ExperienceMany of these pathways are formed and pruned according to a developmental trajectory determined by human DNA. Most babies crawl, walk, smile, talk and play on a predictable schedule; but many other pathways form because of the experiences humans have every day of their lives. Young children who hear music regularly have pathways that recognize melody, rhythm and pitch. A little leaguer who has thrown 1,000 pitches has a vast network of connections between visual and motor centers in the brain. This discovery of the influence of experiences on brain, which has been demonstrated across the lifespan, is worth restating. Experience shapes the brain.This is where you enter. You are an architect of experiences for students. During all of your interactions with them (and even when you’re not there), you are influencing how students’ neural pathways form and are strengthened or weakened. We may use “Jesus is in my heart” language to talk about faith, but you are providing experiences that lead to Jesus in their brains. By providing many kinds of faith formation experiences and teaching faith practices students can use when they aren’t in our presence, we are making our mark on a cellular level.Rich, meaningful interpersonal experiences with students in large or small groups and one-on-one settings are cornerstones of youth ministry. You’re a pro at that, right? Your influence goes beyond what they tell you about or how you may see them acting and feeling. You actually are making an impression on their brains. Consider the neurological activities in a student’s brain as you read from Scripture, play a game together, or lead a servant event. Assuming this isn’t the first time you’ve interacted with them, your students have developed neural pathways that recognize the sound of your voice, cues about your moods, and the meaning of your words (well, most of the time). Student brains also are detecting cues from your facial expressions, posture, tone of your voice, and other nonverbals. Getting to know you goes far beyond hearing your most embarrassing story. Getting to know you means recognizing, at a neurological level, how you look, sound, move—and perhaps smell. (Yes, they can develop neural pathways for how your coffee breath smells.)Beyond these personal connections you make with students in these interactions, you also are deeply involved in planning all kinds of activities to support youth ministry in your setting. As architects of experiences for students in ministry, consider how these faith formation opportunities are making their mark on neural pathways in their brains.When You Read the Bible TogetherNew pathways form as we enter Bible stories together with students. As you plan your teaching and learning with Scripture, consider how these experiences can develop new pathways and strengthen existing ones. Even when the stories are familiar, students’ advances in cognitive development mean that neural pathways are forming as they understand new concepts, gain new insights, and apply them to their own lives.Hearing the words of familiar Bible verses more than once can help students encode and remember these words. Take a look at the strategies mentioned for “keeping these words” inWhen You Hug and High-Five TogetherWe know that helping students feel emotionally safe is an important goal of ministry. This sense of security is the result of pathways in cognitive, emotional and physical centers of the brain developing after repeated safe experiences in different settings with leaders and fellow students. Along with this sense of safety, you also model how to show safe, appropriate physical touch. For students with changing bodies and surging emotions, what a relief to know they can rely on secure, predictable touch from their leaders and other caring adults. Their brains learn that touch they feel in your ministry can feel good and safe. (This assurance is especially important for students who have experienced physical trauma or abuse.)When You Sing TogetherYour youth ministry probably has quite a soundtrack: the latest MP3 downloads from students’ playlists, worship music, camp songs and Sunday School tunes from childhood days. Those who study music cognition have found compelling evidence to show that strong neural pathways can form based on exposure to music, whether listening to music, singing or playing an instrument. (Note: Alzheimer’s patients who’ve lost the ability to speak often still can sing songs they learned in Sunday School.) Music taps into so many areas of the brain—singing, moving, dancing, playing instruments, feeling strong emotions are only a few. When we harness the power of music in our teaching and learning, we are helping faith formation experiences go deep into the brain.As you plan teaching and learning experiences with your students, think about the power you have to shape neural pathways. Whether you’re embracing rituals, leading songs in worship, or playing a spectacular game of Capture the Flag, embrace your role as an experience architect who is making a difference in the cells of the students in your presence.Now that you know there are neural pathways with your name on them, how can you better understand what kinds of changes are underway during the adolescent years? Behold the prefrontal cortex. The part of the brain right behind our foreheads is responsible for higher order functions such as intentional focusing, emotional regulation, impulse control and long-term planning. Scientists call these kinds of tasks executive functioning. The prefrontal cortex undergoes major changes during adolescence, beginning between the ages of 10 and 14, and reaches maturation in early adulthood.The Limber Limbic SystemAnother part of the brain undergoing rapid growth in early adolescence is the limbic system, a system of structures nestled deep in the brain. The limbic system is the brain’s reward center that regulates emotion and is hypersensitive to risk-taking. Like the prefrontal cortex, the limbic system will reach maturity in early adulthood. However, the limbic system matures more quickly than the prefrontal cortex. Adolescent researcher Laurence Steinberg summarized this discrepancy in developmental rates as adolescence being like cars with really good accelerators and really weak brakes.Out of Synch (and That’s OK)This kind of asynchrony explains why teenagers can show such uneven development when it comes to emotional expression, decision-making, planning and risk-taking. This unevenness is a normal, natural part of development, especially in early adolescence. When you understand the neurological reasons behind these differences, you are equipped to accept—and enjoy—your students for who they are at this moment in time.Dawn Rundman holds a Ph.D. in developmental psychology from the University of Oregon and began her career as a psychology professor at Concordia University in Chicago. Dawn traded the tenure-track for the publishing life to develop faith formation curriculum for kids and youth. She currently is senior resource developer at Sparkhouse, an ecumenical publisher based in Minneapolis, Minnesota. Dawn loves living in the Twin Cities with her musician husband, Jonathan, and their two children Paavo and Svea. She also loves living at the thrilling intersection of faith and science. Invalid email. Please try again.|15% Off||15% off any order||---||Sale||Men's Jackets starting at $490.14||---||Sale||Women's Jackets starting from $463.58||---||Sale||Napoleon V2 Collection as low as $569.84||---||Sale||Aviator Collection starting from $622.97||---|Get leather that fits and lasts like a second skin at Boda Skins.Found a great deal or code? Share the savings!Get StartedBoda Skins make leather that is so strong, so durable and so high quality that they offer one of the longest guarantees you will find. Their jackets are handmade using the very best materials and processes, and nothing but absolute perfection will pass muster. If you insist on the best and nothing less, then trust in Boda Skins. This week’s find: Gods Generals: The Roaring Reformers by Roberts LiardonAbout the book: The basic truths of the Protestant faith, the things you believe and base your life on, were not always accepted and readily taught. Roberts Liardon introduces you to six of God’s Generals who fought to reestablish the core beliefs and principles of the early church in the atmosphere of oppression, ignorance, and corruption that pervaded the medieval church. As you read about these roaring Reformers, men who sacrificed everything in their fight for God, you will appreciate the freedom you have to worship, find encouragement for your spiritual battles, and be motivated to find biblical truth in your own life.About the Author: From a young age, Roberts Liardon was destined to become one of the most well known Christian authors and orators of the 20th century. He has, to date, sold over 15 million books worldwide that have been translated into more than 60 languages. Having ministered in over 125 countries to members of the public and world leaders, Liardon is recognized internationally and has experienced great success as an author, public speaker, spiritual leader, church historian, and humanitarian.More good buys written by ASR MartinsThe truth about spiritual warfareThis book proves that “Spiritual warfare” is a false doctrine. The necessary Scriptures that support this statement are discussed in detail. People are actually oppressed just because they believe in this doctrine. This book will challenge your beliefs on this subject and it will set you free.Understanding the prophetic times we live inDuring the morning hours of Tuesday, June 2, 2015, the Lord Jesus Christ instructed me to write this report. He called it a “report” because He wanted me to write it as a “report of imminent events” to those who wish to understand the prophetic times we live in. The aim of this report is to bring clarity and to counter confusion in the lives of many Christians regarding the end-times, especially regarding the prophetic time we live in at this moment. The Lord’s aim with this report is clear: Clarity will equip and enable God’s children to follow His vision for and in this time period we are living in now. It will enable them to report for duty. It will enable them to become mighty instruments in God’s hand. End-time ministry does not only mean that God is at work. It also means that we have some part to play in order to enable God to carry out His plans. This report will enable God’s children to stand up and be counted”All local resources on this website are free of charge. Please help us by sharing it with your friends through the social networks. Social network sharing buttons available at the bottom of all pages One of the many things I enjoy about being an artist in residence at the Internet Archive is the access to myriad resources. For a recent piece, I downloaded all one hundred and fifty-four of Shakespeare’s sonnets. I then selected the thirty-six poems with prime numbers. After that, I deleted the all the characters in them except for the first seven letters of the alphabet, which correspond to the letters of the musical scale. Here’s what Shakespeare’s seventh sonnet looks like after my editing.I didn’t know how to convert the characters to music, but Aaron Ximm did. He showed me the P22 Music Text Composition Generator, which I used to convert the sonnets into thirty-six little pieces of music. I then assigned four sonnets worth of music to one voice in a nonet: piano, harpsichord, clavichord, celesta, organ, violin, viola, cello, and bass.The end result was a seven minute piece in four movements that’s every bit as boring as it sounds. Having said that, I liked it. It’s like Brian Peter George St. John le Baptiste de la Salle Eno said, “The tedium is the message.”—David Glenn Rinehart For many people the classic image of the backpack blower is associated to an operator assigned to the cleaning of the streets who blows to direct the leaves present on the sidewalks or on the side of the road towards the center of the roadway, where it’ll pass a sweeper to collect them. The blower is also used in the maintenance of green areas (gardening) or for cleaning large surfaces, perhaps after a public event (for example at the stadium).Not everybody perhaps knows that the blower also finds application in agriculture, during the harvesting season of hazelnuts, chestnuts (fruits in the shell in general) and olives.In fact, the use of the blower is ideal to clean from the leaves, twigs, etc., the fruits and then collect them, creating swaths to speed up the collection.In the picture you can see the blower BL1200 at work in a hazelnut grove, which is preparing the collect performed by the vacuum Cifarelli (the machine in the background), which aspires the fruits directly into the tank, expelling the dirt and lightweight materials.In some cases, the collection may occur, if the terrain allows, with sweepers or other self-propelled systems.In the collection of the olives, although by now this is done with the use of shakers beaters, combs, etc. and the nets, in some cases, the blower can be useful. Infact it may happen that, due to windy days or with particularly strong storm, the olives fall and are scattered on the ground without the presence of the nets.Besides after a downpour, when the soil is particularly wet, it is not possible to enter with tractors or sweepers in the olive grove. As it is known, it is necessary to collect the olives as soon as possible, to avoid their degradation (and that of the quality of the oil).In this case most people use the blower which, thanks to its large volume of air, cleans the fruits from the fallen leaves, even when wet, and it groups the olives together, facilitating the collection. Namaste, and thank you for checking in. At long last I will be blogging — 2008 feels too energetically explosive to keep quiet any longer.Blessings to you …“Philosophy must first develop the context before science can most effectively develop the content. Content without context eventually paints itself into a little-picture corner. That is where traditional science is now and why its search for the unified theory has stalled. We must come to understand that reality is more than a local rule-set, more than a mindless machine.” – Thomas Campbell If you've been to Germany, you might have noticed the small brass blocks embedded in sidewalks to commemorate victims of Nazism. The unique memorial project, launched 20 years ago, has just passed an important milestone."Ultimately there's no reason to celebrate, because 70,000 stones are 70,000 stones too many," he said.Read more: 20 years of 'Stolpersteine'The small plaques, known as Stolpersteine (stumbling stones or stumbling blocks in English), have been installed in sidewalks in Germany and other countries to preserve the memory of the Nazis' victims. Each stone is engraved with the name, date of birth and fate of an individual, and placed in front of their last voluntary place of residence.The 70,000th stone bore the name of Willy Zimmerer, a man with a disability who was murdered in 1944 in Hadamar, near Frankfurt. The western German town was home to a psychiatric hospital that was used to exterminate "undesirable" members of society under the Nazis' "euthanasia" program. Nearly 15,000 Germans were murdered there.'Willy will not be forgotten'Two of Zimmerer's distant relatives traveled from the United States to witness the stone being placed in the ground in front of a red sandstone house."It means a lot to us," said Michael Hayse, whose grandmother was one of Zimmerer's cousins. "Willy will not be forgotten.""The stumbling stones show that the victims lived among us."Cologne-based artist Gunter Demnig, 70, started the project in 1996 with his first stone in Berlin. Since then, he has traveled across Germany to install the stones in more than 1,200 municipalities.The memorial plaques have also been laid in 24 other countries, including Austria, Belgium, France, Greece, Italy, Poland and Argentina.The project, which is considered to be the largest decentralized memorial in the world, is funded by sponsorships. Each stone costs €120, or about $138.nm/msh (epd, KNA) Our attorneys answer frequently asked questions on topics such as personal injury cases, motor vehicle accidents, insurance claims and settlements, as well as general legal questions. Browse our extensive list of questions to find the answers you are looking for.After car accident in Georgia, the last thing you want to hear is that the other driver’s insurance won’t cover your costs — or, worse yet, that they are not insured at all. Because it is illegal to operate a vehicle without auto insurance in Georgia, most people assume that — in the event of an accident — their expenses should be paid for. Unfortunately, you may be surprised at just how many people drive without insurance, or without adequate insurance, throughout the United States and in Georgia.According to data from recent years, about 13% of drivers in the United States are uninsured. That might not sound like much at first, but let’s put it in perspective. Statistically, one in eight drivers is uninsured. That means, for every eight drivers you pass on the road, at least one of them is likely driving without auto insurance. With numbers like that, the idea of getting in an auto accident in Georgia is even more frightening.After a car accident, most people assume that the at-fault driver’s insurance company should take care of all expenses. In a perfect world, that would absolutely happen, but unfortunately we don’t live in a perfect world. Not only are there numerous uninsured motorists driving around, but you might also find that the at-fault driver doesn’t have enough insurance coverage to pay for all of your damages.Let’s say, for example, that your total damages—medical bills, lost wages, and pain and suffering—add up to $100,000, but the at-fault driver’s policy only had $25,000 available for bodily injury damages. In this case, you could get $25,000 from the negligent driver’s insurance company, but the insurance company would not have to pay the rest of your damages. So what can you do?Fortunately, there are actually multiple avenues available to victims of car wrecks in Georgia. The other driver’s liability insurance is not the only option. Depending on your coverage and the circumstances of the crash, you might be able to get payment from:- Uninsured/under-insured motorist insurance- Medical payments coverage (commonly known as “med pay”)- Health insurance- Collision insuranceSome of these may seem obvious, but others may surprise you. Let’s go through each of these payment options and how they might apply to your case.Getting Payment Through Uninsured/Under-Insured Motorist CoverageUninsured/under-insured motorist (UM) coverage isn’t included with every auto insurance policy, but every auto insurance company in Georgia must at least offer it for all policies. Basically, UM coverage is an added layer of protection, in case you are involved in a hit-and-run accident or you are hit by someone who doesn’t carry enough coverage to pay for your damages.Add-On Coverage v. Difference-in-Limits CoverageThere are two types of UM coverage: add-on and difference-in-limits. As its name implies, add-on coverage is added on to whatever limits of liability coverage the at-fault driver has available. So, as an example, let’s say that the at-fault driver has $25,000 in available liability coverage, and you have $100,000 in add-on UM coverage. Together, you will have a total of $125,000 in available insurance for your case.Conversely, difference-in-limits coverage is reduced by the amount of available liability coverage. Thus, if you have $100,000 in difference-in-limits coverage and the at-fault driver has $25,000 in liability coverage, you would have an additional $100,000 total to cover your damages — $25,000 from the at-fault driver and $75,000 from your own insurance company.Even if you do not carry UM coverage for your own vehicle, you may still have access to it through another source. For example, if you were driving someone else’s car, their UM coverage will apply to the accident. Likewise, and this is something many people don’t know, if you have a relative residing with you who has UM coverage, you may be able to use their policy as well.Using Med Pay After a Car Accident in GeorgiaMedical payments coverage, commonly referred to as “med pay” for short, is a type of insurance you may have on your own insurance policy to pay your medical bills. Any time you are in an accident while riding in someone else’s car, it is also important to find out if that car’s policy has med pay.What is med pay? In short, medical payments coverage is essentially health insurance for people who are in a car accident in the car that is covered by the insurance policy. Med pay provides coverage to the vehicle’s occupants regardless of who is at fault. Med pay can be a valuable source of insurance to pay your medical bills. If your auto insurance policy includes med pay, you can use it as the primary source of payment for your medical costs — up to its limit. You may also use it in combination with your health insurance policy to cover your co-pays and deductibles.Applying Health Insurance to Medical Bills After an Auto Accident in GeorgiaWith or without med pay, you should always use your health insurance plan as much as possible after an auto accident. It is not uncommon for hospitals, and some other medical providers, to refuse to bill health insurance companies. Instead, they may attempt to collect the full amount for your bills directly from your car accident settlement. You can avoid this hassle by ensuring that all of your medical providers have your health insurance information.On this topic, we should address an issue around health insurance and car accidents. After an accident, some health insurance companies will try to claim that they are not responsible for your medical bills, especially if you are getting compensation through another payment source. However, this is not true. If you have health insurance, your insurance policy is there for you when you need it, to help pay for your medical costs. Always use your health insurance as much as possible when paying for medical needs after a car accident, especially if the other driver is uninsured or under-insured.Using Your Collision Coverage to Repair Your VehicleAn accident with an uninsured driver can not only leave you with questions about how to get your injuries covered, but it may also raise concerns about how you will get your car fixed. If you have uninsured motorist coverage, that coverage can be used as it will include property damages coverage. Additionally, your own policy’s collision coverage can be used to pay for the damage to your vehicle after a wreck, regardless of fault. If your policy includes collision coverage, you can use it to pay for your property damage claim after the accident. In this case, you will likely have to pay for some of the damage to your vehicle, as you’ll need to meet your insurance policy’s deductible before your collision coverage pays for the rest.If you have uninsured motorist coverage and collision coverage, you can use either one to pay the property damages resulting from an uninsured driver. The decision on which coverage to use may be dictated by which has the lowest deductible. For example, if your uninsured motorist coverage has a $1,000 deductible but the deductible on your collision coverage is only $500, you should probably use your collision coverage as your out of pocket costs will be less on the deductible.If you were hit by an under-insured driver, your insurance company will seek reimbursement for your claim from the other driver’s insurance company. This process is called subrogation, and if the other driver’s insurance company pays that reimbursement, your insurance company should then reimburse you for your deductible. If your insurance company cannot get payment, you will at least not be responsible for any costs over and above your deductible.Contact the Champion Firm for Help NowAt The Champion Firm, we love finding solutions like these for our clients. From sourcing all possible payments to proving fault and everything in between, we pride ourselves on finding solutions and getting the best results possible for our clients. If you’ve been hurt or lost someone you love due to someone else’s negligence or wrongdoing, you could be owed significant compensation. Consultations are always free, and you can reach us online or at 404-594-5045.If you’re hurt in a pedestrian accident, the first thing that you should do is seek medical attention to make sure that you’re stabilized. Once any kind of emergency situation is passed, you really need to talk to an experienced pedestrian injury attorney as soon as possible. It’s very important to take a variety of steps right away, to protect your interest. One of them is to locate all potential sources of insurance. A lot of people don’t realize this, but if you’re in a pedestrian accident, you actually need to notify your own car insurance company. Your uninsured motorist coverage may provide coverage for you, in the event the person who hit either has no insurance, or not enough insurance to pay all of your damages.Something else that’s very important is locating and preserving all available evidence, including taking statements from witnesses, so that we can prove who was at fault for causing your pedestrian accident.If you’re injured by a hit-and-run driver, you need to talk to a personal injury attorney as soon as possible, because there are number of things that need to be done. One is gathering all the evidence, talking to witnesses, and documenting what happened. The second thing is identifying all sources of uninsured motorist coverage. When you’re in an accident with a hit-and-run driver, the hit-and-run driver is considered uninsured. He would be called a John Doe driver. We need to find all sources of uninsured motorist insurance.That’s going to mean looking at the coverage that applies to the vehicle you’re in, any coverage that was issued in your name, or any coverage issued to any resident relatives. That’s something that’s very important. It must be done quickly, to make sure the proper insurance companies are notified in a timely manner.If you’ve been injured in a golf cart accident, you should hire an attorney as soon as possible. Golf cart accident cases aren’t like your typical car accident case. With a car accident, there’s often no dispute about what insurance applies.With a golf cart accident though, the question can get a little bit trickier. We actually had a case several years ago that we took all the way to the Georgia Court of Appeals, that involved the dispute about whether a golf cart driver’s homeowners insurance covered him while he was driving a golf cart, and seriously injured our client.We were able to prove that the homeowners insurance did apply, and it allowed our client to obtain a very significant recovery. If you’ve had a golf cart accident, it’s very important that you talk to somebody who’s had that experience working on golf cart accident cases, and locating all the insurance that’s going to apply, and to be able to cover your damages.People frequently wonder whether they should let their own insurance company know about a car accident that was not their fault. The answer is absolutely, unequivocally, 100% yes. You should always let your own insurance company know about any car accident, regardless of who you think is at fault. The reason for this is simple. Your insurance policy is a contract between you and the insurance company, and in that contract you have agreed to notify your insurance company after an accident. This notice must be given in a timely manner. Most policies say the notice should be given as soon as reasonably practicable or within a certain number of days. At this point you may be wondering what the consequences would be if you don’t notify your insurance company. After all, if the other driver is at fault, shouldn’t their insurance company pay for everything? Not so fast. There are number of scenarios that could arise that could require you to use your own insurance.First, it may turn out the driver who caused the accident is uninsured. Estimates are that as many as 12% of Georgia motorists are uninsured. If you are involved in an accident with an uninsured driver you may need to use your own uninsured motorist coverage.Second, even if the other driver has insurance, he or she may be underinsured. In other words, they may not have enough insurance to coverage all of your damages. Under Georgia law, the definition of an uninsured driver includes an underinsured driver. If you have an accident with an underinsured driver, your own uninsured motorist insurance may kick in to cover any damages that exceed the amount of insurance the other driver has.Third, you may have medical payments coverage you need to use. Medical payments coverage is like health insurance for you if you are involved in a car accident. It can be used to pay your medical bills, and it applies regardless of who is at fault.Fourth, although you may think liability is clear, the other insurance company may dispute it or attempt to apportion some of the blame to you. This could lead to a delay in getting your car repaired or replaced, which could cause a huge inconvenience for you. You may have collision coverage under your own insurance policy that can be used to pay for your property damages. This type of coverage is no fault, which means that you can use it regardless of who is at fault.In conclusion, you should always notify your own insurance company after a car accident, even if you think the accident was not your fault. You may need to have access to a variety of coverages under your own policy, and if you don’t notify your insurance company in a timely manner you may lose access to these valuable sources of insurance.A lot of people ask me if they’ve been in an auto accident, whether they should hire a lawyer or whether they should represent themselves and go it alone. It’s possible you could get a good result if you represent yourself, but there’s no guarantee. You’re never going to know if you got the best possible result because the chances are you don’t know what all of your rights are. You don’t know all of the damages that you’re entitled to collect.Just like if somebody was trying to sell their house, they may try and go it alone because they want to save money on the commission and not hire a realtor. At the end of the day, they can make a serious mistake that could cost them thousands of dollars.The same holds true in an auto accident case. You might not be aware of certain insurance that may apply for your accident. You may not be aware of the damages you’re entitled to collect. You may not be aware of how to properly evaluate the value of your case.The only way that you can do that is by having an experienced personal injury attorney on your side. That’s the service that we provide.If the other driver doesn’t have insurance, there’s a number of things that need to be looked at. The first is there somebody else that’s responsible for the driver’s negligence? Maybe the driver was drunk and a restaurant or bar over-served them alcohol. We may be able to pursue a claim against that dining establishment. It’s also possible that maybe someone negligently entrusted the car to the driver who then caused the accident. That’s something that needs to be looked at.But another thing is what’s called uninsured motorist insurance, and that’s coverage that’s available to you and any occupants in your vehicle in the event the driver doesn’t have insurance, or not enough insurance to pay all your medical bills.If you’ve had a car accident, the first thing that you should make sure that you do is at least talk to a lawyer as soon as possible. There’s a number of important steps that need to be taken immediately after an accident. One of those is to make sure that you’re getting the proper medical treatment and that that treatment is being paid for by the proper sources, whether its health insurance or medical payments coverage.If you don’t have health insurance, a lawyer can help you get set up with a doctor that will see you and defer payment until after a settlement.Another important thing that’s often overlooked is making sure that the proper insurance companies are notified. If certain companies aren’t notified within a proper period of time after an accident, they may try and deny coverage and say that they weren’t timely notified. That could cause you to lose the right to a very valuable source of coverage for your injuries.If you’ve had an accident, we would welcome the opportunity to provide you with a free consultation so that you can make an informed decision on whether you need to hire a lawyer.If you are involved in a car accident with a company-owned vehicle you may have a claim against the company itself. Under Georgia law, anytime an employee is involved in an accident while working for their employer, that employer is generally responsible for the damages that they cause. If there is a company-owned vehicle we want to look at what that person was doing at the time of the accident, and were they working at the time, or were they off duty? We want to look at it and see whether the company has an insurance policy on the vehicle that may provide coverage for the loss.We also want to look at it and see whether there is any available uninsured motorist coverage for you if you were involved in the accident, which is something we always look at any time there’s a motor vehicle collision.If you’re involved in a trucking accident case, it’s very important that you hire an attorney. Trucking accident cases are some of the most serious accidents out there because they are so large, and they can inflict a tremendous amount of damage. It’s very important to get an attorney involved early in the process, because the attorney needs to work on proving your case.Any time there’s an accident with a big truck, the trucking company is getting to work right away doing everything they can to try and defeat your claim. You need somebody on your side who’s going to be able to prove your claim and to gather the necessary evidence, who’s going to have access to experts, who may be able to help you prove your case down the road, so that you’re not left at the end of the day without any ability to prove who was at fault. Cornerstone Community Church in Kalona needed to find a building for its growing church.The congregation was meeting at Mid-Prairie Middle School, but there were limitations to that building. They wanted something permanent, a place to call their own.They turned to prayer, according to Pastor Floyd Yutzy.“We prayed a lot,” Yutzy said. “We saw God work through us.”The path led to a merger with the Kalona Christian Fellowship and its church building on 14th Street on the east side of Kalona.“I didn’t see this coming,” the pastor said. “God is full of surprises.”Cornerstone had launched a capital campaign last year to raise money to buy a new building.The church’s capital campaign had raised about $20,000, an impressive sum but not enough to buy the building they were looking at.It was enough, however, to renovate the Kalona Christian Fellowship building.“We had raised exactly the right amount,” Yutzy said. “We just didn’t know what it was for.”The merger of the two congregations has been in the works since the beginning of the year, but it was official June 1.The Kalona Christian Fellowship essentially gave Cornerstone the church building, which was remodeled in May with the money Cornerstone had collected to buy a building.Merging two churches is not usual, according to Yutzy.“It is more normal for churches to divide rather than unite,” he said.Yutzy was amazed at the generosity of the Kalona Christian offer.“Their view of God’s kingdom was much bigger than their group,” he said.Kalona Christian Fellowship Pastor Larry Rediger was looking to retire. The congregation of 50 to 60 people had no one to replace him. That led to Cornerstone Community Church, a church that has been growing since four couples founded it two years ago.Sixteen people – eight from each of the churches – met to talk about making the merger work. The big question this group had to answer: “How do you bring two churches together under one name?”The result is a diverse congregation built around a culture of prayer.“Anybody from any background is welcome,” Yutzy said.Yutzy’s background is reflective of the diversity of the new church. He grew up Beachy Amish and was an assistant pastor at Sunnyside Mennonite Church from 2001 to 2012.Cornerstone cannot afford a full-time pastor. Yutzy works four days a week at Kalona Post and Frame where he is one of the owners. One day of the week he devotes to church business.At least that is the way it is supposed to work. Yutzy finds his days are comingled between his two passions.“I flip hats all day every day,” he said.The new church is growing, especially with young people. Families in the congregation have had eight babies in the past six months.The church size has doubled since November. The sanctuary has 180 chairs. If everybody shows up there are not enough places for them to sit.Yutzy is not worried.“God got us this far, he’ll take us from here,” he said. The Port-O-Flush i designed, to be a compact yet powerful tool built right into a rugged hand truck! Although other systems are portable, only the Port-O-Flush, can easily navigate rough or uneven terrain and get into tight areas with ease. I´ts the most popular flushing system with our dealers & service technicians.Without a doubt the Port-O-Flush, is professional grade. From its tough schedule 80 construction to its flow control system, every aspect of the Port-O-Flush, has been designed with the professional in mind.Port-O-Flush provides portability and versatility while still efficiently handling small to medium size engines, heat exchangers, air conditioning & refrigeration systems. BlickMega GoldenTaklon Brushes10% Off Orders of $45 or More + Free ShippingOn Orders of $35 or More**Orders of $45 or More*Use Code: CEWP *Exclusions apply**After discounts takenOn Orders of $45 or More****After discounts takenRoyal Talens Gouache is made with a unique dextrin-based binder that sets it apart from most other brands of gouache. This traditional formulation becomes more fluid as it is mixed, allowing you to cover large areas more evenly without dragging. It's also an incredible value.Color Swatches created using full strength/50/50 and were applied on cold press Bristol board (2 ply) material.Pigment PR4 is an opaque, bright yellowish red pigment with high tinting strength.Pigment PR4 has good lightfastness, but newer red pigments are considered more permanent and reliable.Known also as D&C Red No 36, PR4 is used in cosmetic products such as lipsticks. It has been tested for carcinogenic and mutagenic effects in laboratory rats.Because it is inexpensive and has a long history of use in cosmetic products, Permanent Red PR4 is widely used in artist materials where safety is more important than archival preservation, as in children's art materials.Blazing Red, Flaming Red, D&C Red No 36.Your cart is currently empty.Your cart currently contains N item.Material Safety Data Sheet™ Royal Talens is a trademark. Type of Wood: English oakFinish: Food safe wax oilBoard Length: 695 mm (together)Board Width: 170 mm to 200 mmBoard Depth: 45 mmHandmade in Winchester, HampshireShipping Free to UK MainlandThese lovely chunky Matching Wooden Serving Boards are handmade using the highest quality, sustainable English oak. Both feature a distinctive rustic edge, distinctive grain patterning, comfortable easy grip handles and a food safe mineral oil finish. The natural beauty of the wood is enhanced, with the features of markings, knots, and cracks being celebrated. We take the time to carefully fill these as needed with locally sourced natural beeswax before protecting the board with a few coats of locally produced food safe wax oil. You can also buy this specialist food board protection in our online shop.You can see these two wooden serving boards are from the same length of timber by the way they fit together. You can use them separately or together end to end – one for a cheese platter and the other for a meat platter for example. Or maybe give them as ‘connected’ gifts to close friends or family.Wood is naturally anti-bacterial and an ideal medium for food boards, as well as being heat resistant to hot pots and pans. Whether you’re looking for a wooden chopping board, rustic cheese board, wood breadboard, wooden serving platter, or rustic food presentation board – the choice is all yours.|Dimensions||695 × 200 × 45 mm|Can’t find the board you’re looking for? If you would like a bespoke piece we always welcome commissions. You can contact me, Rachel, directly for your custom made order, created to your own dimensions, choice of timber and finish. GET IN TOUCH SUPER NANOWAX V5.0- The MOST Effective Wax that brings your Car Shine- GREEN SUPER NANOWAX V5.0 “THE BEST” in the market!- It repels ‘Water’ and make your car ‘Shiny’ and ‘Gloss’ minus the hard work- Condition NewIn order to recover your password, we need to confirm your identity. Please enter your email adress. When you are renting a 5, 10, 15, 20, 30 or 40 yard dumpster, you want a company you can trust with prices that make you smile. Give us a call today and see the difference we can make in your next construction or clean out project.Simply give us a call and we will help you figure out your dumpster rental needs.Our dumpsters usually go out same-day or next-day depending on when you call.We provide top-notch service, while going easy on your bottom line. What more could you ask for?Our trained operators are here to give you a fast and hassle-free experience from start to finish.Once you are done, simply give us a call and we will get your dumpster picked up right away!Our staff is here to help whenever you need it. Simply pick up the phone and give us a call.Most cities or municipalities do not have many regulations regarding dumpster rental as long as you keep the dumpster entirely on your own property during the rental period. If you need to place your container on the street in any way, you will likely have to obtain a permit from the appropriate building permit office in your town. You can check with your local public works department to be sure.Most Joyce dumpster rental companies will take care of securing this permit for you if you rent from them. Make sure that if you’re planning to put the dumpster on the street, the company has made the appropriate arrangements. You should also ensure that you get the permit in a timely manner and at the correct cost. If you thought the dumpster company was getting a permit and they did not, you will be the one who will have to pay the fine that is issued by the authorities.Before they start seeking these dumpster rentals, they need to understand the type of box they would requirement for all their junk. This means that they must determine what size in terms of peak, width as well as length they desire. The dimensions will be determined by the work load they will accomplish as well as the height and width of garbage that could result from that. It will also be determined by the space on which the box will be located. The other matter they need to decide is the time in which they'll have these dumpsters inside their properties.With regards to the extent of private property this tenant forgotten, you may have a tremendous cleaning challenge before you. Whether you have a folks or just by yourself and an link, emptying this rental is a challenge that can take 2 or 3 days. If you've been sensible and appointed a dumpster, you've made this challenge easier on yourself. You can take almost everything out to this dumpster instead of worrying about what is recyclable or could be donated to charity. Dumpster rental businesses will often look after sorting via items devote their dumpsters to see what can go to charity or even be reused precisely what can go to these recycling centers. There are hired a new dumpster, you'll need to take this effort yourself to reduce your costs with the local junk company.Upon renting a move off to your trash disposal on neighborhood cleanup, you will observe a chaos free neighborhood in no time. All the trash will probably be professionally treated and easily dumped into the dumpster without demanding your own intervention inside the project. One of the benefits of 8 Yard Dumpster in Joyce, WA businesses is they make certain that disposed junk is re-cycled in the environmental friendly fashion so, the likelihood of environmental pollution as part of your locality will probably be less which will reduce the event of rental destruction in your area.In most in the places trash are chosen on weekly basis and there's a limitation associated with keeping trash outside house or office premises. With out companies like eateries, office buildings as well as residential apartments do not like to see the heap of trash in coming from of their buildings which can lower the standing of company, restaurant or housing apartments. At this time there came the impulse of several 8 Yard Dumpster in Joyce, WA service as well as garbage rubbish bin which can look after garbage. Dumpsters furnished by these rental businesses can be placed at the rear of the building as well as anywhere away from eyes and you need to take understand that it should be offered from road so that most of these rental companies can take the trash and unpack the dumpsters.I am not saying you want to shell out a fortune to get a trash 8 Yard Dumpster in Joyce, WA, however! Here's a check out what you can do to get a good value on your rental (and never have to slip this dumpster fairy an extra thirty on the side!).Actually, with a from the nearby junk removal assistance, you can last but not least say beneficial riddance to every final heap associated with trash near your property as well as free up your own indoor and outdoor living space for a whole brand new set of safe-keeping and utilization possibilities. Nearly all junk hauling services will certainly handle almost everything from appliance disposal to furniture disposal, with the exception of unsafe waste, mesothelioma materials, as well as medical supplies. You can even hold the dumpster dropped off at your residence and do the heavy lifting you to ultimately save on the ultimate cost of all that trash removing.This specific piled up trash not only becomes a source of growing infectious conditions when piled up for long stretch of time, but also ruins good relations with friends and neighbors. There is no way that single individual can handle these types of huge a great deal of trash as well as clear the item immediately. They needs a assistance from professionals just like 8 Yard Dumpster in Joyce companies that helps make your task hassle-free. They can remove the trash in no time on very affordable expense.Renting a dumpster creates a home renovation venture so much easier as well as faster and yes it doesn't have to cost you lots of money. There are smaller differences involving markets thus ask some sort of waste supervision professional along with specific questions you might have about your project ahead of deciding on the 8 Yard Dumpster in Joyce organization that's right for you.Hoarding is a significant issue that impacts countless individuals, but there is aid available. In the event you or somebody needs aid overcoming compulsive hoarding as well as taking back again control over his or her life, grab the first step currently, and solicit the help of a nearby trash treatment professionals. The actual positive outcome their services could have on the property or home and the home recovery are going to be immediate as well as undeniable.Fifthly, what's the number 1 place for your dumpster? If you reside in a deed-restricted group, check with the house owner's affiliation to find out where you could and can't put your dumpster. Make sure it isn't in the way of cars and that it doesn't interfere with septic tanks, overhead cables or landscape sprinkler systems. It becomes an important move because you gets charged yet another fee when the hauler has to turn out and proceed your dumpster.Small and large businesses make use of dumpsters as well. Whether or not a business is definitely moving or possibly the type of company that has a lot associated with waste, it's a good idea to allow them to have a dumpster that they'll clean up along with at the end of your day.The minute anyone call the particular dumpster company, you will already have a fantastic indication if they're a professional organization. Does the one that answered your current call well-informed of their services? Does the individual sound specialist in his types of dealing? When these aspects are specialist enough, you'll be able to be assured that you're dealing with a specialist dumpster company.Be certain that the company you will hire is definitely insured as well as licensed. In the event you opt for a organization who does not need insurance, some might destroy your current neighbor's property or home and you might become personally placed liable for paying for the damages or injuries.With practically any services, the price winds up being a important factor. This will likely play a much bigger role when you assume results would be the same with service repair shop. Because of this assumption, some 8 Yard Dumpster in Joyce corporations have turned to cunning pricing methods. Much like airline carriers, they publicise one price tag and then come across all kinds of methods to sneak in extra charges.Before you even decide to grab your wallet guarantee the company you're heading with actually has an affordable rental plan. A lot of companies are looking to generate a quick money at your cost and you have to steer clear of these companies. They are going to quote a price tag in the beginning so when the time relates to pay up you will realize the bill has been hiked by some hidden fees that you were not aware of ahead of. The only way you can avoid this sort of scenario is as simple as making a in depth inquiry with regards to the total cost associated with renting a dumpster. You should definitely understand exactly what you are charges for and after that only in the event you make a final decision.Many junk removing companies provide labor, meaning that they'll not solely provide the dumpster and take the trash, although they'll additionally help you take items from the home to the truck or dumpster. Take into account whether you will need this service in accordance with the scale in the cleanout and your family in addition to friends' ability to make this happen heavy lifting yourself. It will very likely cost more, nevertheless it can get the job done speedily. Note that when you are paying for labor, especially if you're paying on an hourly basis, you may not have the option to take the time to dig through every package and handbag in search of expressive items.When you are to rent a dumpster you do not need the hassle of all of that online type filling out and so on. Find a good corporation, fill out a simple form, and then return to striving to get the granitic countertop to compliment your new kitchen area. Dumpsters come in quite a few sizes in addition to why throw away cash on people you won't always be filling to ability (sometimes more than once over). To get a small project there are smaller dumpsters that are solely ten ft long. Following that you can rent a 20 backyard one, or maybe a thirty or maybe forty backyard one. You cannot assume all dimensions are the same, so check in that at the same time to maximize your advantage.Before renting a dumpster, marketing and advertising to do some research regarding the 8 Yard Dumpster in Joyce, WA service businesses. Select the excellent 8 Yard Dumpster in Joyce, WA company to take out all the chaos piled up on the job location. Renting a dumpster to remove waste will keep the environment clean, hygienic, and maintains you faraway from health problems. These lenders help in disposing trash from the location and keep our environment free from pollution.Packaging, transportation, removal recycling these tasks requires huge price tag when approached individually simply because construction derby requires huge spend disposal. A significant way of disposing such a massive waste will be hire specialized 8 Yard Dumpster in Joyce, WA provider who can assist you in finishing the task straight forward.Once you have labored through the mess and have created progress in getting rid of things you no longer will need or need, the company will take the dumpsters of your stuff. The company will certainly handle your hauling out of the materials and other goods for you in addition to dispose of these without any further charge. If perhaps you were to put these materials on the curtail for your waste pickup, conversely, you may wind up paying a fee to have to dispose of a great deal of trash. When you have to take it to your dump oneself, the costs may even always be higher.You'll probably decide to to replace that broken doorway or each of the old entrance doors in your home. This baseboards may need to replaced at the same time. The flooring in your historic home may need replacing in addition to some of the wooden floors. With these a big project you know that you'll need to rent a dumpster.Bodyweight Limit: Each dumpster comes with a weight limit therefore you can place your throwaways to a limit solely. The Weight restriction of dumpsters do range between 2 to 12 tons. The dumpsters are generally weighted if weight can be obtained above the allowed limit in comparison with you have to shell out extra money. So it's very essential to get details about the dumpster weight limit.Please use the form below to contact us. We look forward to working with you and will get back to you as soon as possible. All fields are required Self-medicating with alcohol and drugs to ease anxiety substantially increases the risk of substance use disorders, suggests a new study published in the Archives of General Psychiatry. The researchers also found people who self-medicated for anxiety were more likely to have a social phobia, such as fear of going to parties or speaking in public.“People probably believe that self-medication works,” study author James M. Bolton, MD, told CNN. “What people do not realize is that this quick-fix method actually makes things worse in the long term.”The study, which included 34,653 adults, found of those who reported any substance use during the past year, 13 percent self-medicated with alcohol, and 24 percent used drugs to reduce their anxiety, fear or panic about a situation, Science Daily reports.CNN reports that overall, people with diagnosed anxiety disorders who self-medicated at the beginning of the study were two to five times more likely than people who did not self-medicate to develop an alcohol or drug problem within three years.Of those who had an anxiety disorder and self-medicated with alcohol, 13 percent developed an alcohol use disorder, compared with five percent of those who did not self-medicate with alcohol. Among people with an anxiety disorder who self-medicated with drugs, 10 percent developed a drug problem, compared with two percent of those who did not self-medicate with drugs. Analysing terrain dataThe Bowl, every ski area has a bowl and Big Sky is no different.This is a huge run and as you may have guessed, shaped like a bowl with a variety of different lines to take.The lines skied under the chair or close to the chair are the steepest, further right past the only island of trees it gets less steep.The snow conditions change daily on this run, most of the time there are small wide spaced moguls, other times the wind blows the moguls away and it is fun wind buffed chalky snow.If lucky enough to be on the chair early on a powder day the bowl is a fantastic powder run! Avoid this run in flat light as there are few trees or rocks to give definition and many people get vertigo.Although if working on skiing technique it is a fantastic place to practice skiing by feel rather than visual.The bowl is also great practice for the tram, if nervous about what to expect off the top, though the pitch is steeper and longer off the tram, visibility and snow conditions can be similar.The bowl is a must! No products in the cart.Wellfleet Cocktail CardOur cocktail series! Cocktails from the villages of Cape Cod.Whimsical ingredients and village characteristics make up these fantasy cocktails. Perfect to be sent as a souvenir or for any occasion.Wellfleet – The small seaside town known for its oysters and art galleries.Outside: Wellfleet Cocktailcrushed oyster shellsa ration of rumone bluefish tailpeg o’ pirate’s blooda few olivesstir with driftwood• Printed on 90 lb matte cardstock• A2 size: 4.25″ x 5.5″• One White A2 Envelope Included• Handmade by Cape Ink• Printed by the sea on Cape Cod• Packaged in a cellophane sleeve• Cards shipped in a sturdy cardboard mailer|Dimensions||8 x 6 x .25 in| Pressed for Time RideOkay, Team Easy – Sunday could be a bit wet, but if you wanna earn that cake how about a ride up to Fountains?Hello Faster Group. Wondering about Trapping Hill (cote de Lofthouse 🙂 ) for this Sunday’s ride. 60 miles in all. Big hill @ 25 miles, Brew @ 35 miles in Masham. Steady 25 miles back. Any takers? I would like to think that my parents did a good job in raising me, providing all the positive reinforcement a young boy needs, including the popular statement from page 826, paragraph 7f, of the parenting handbook, “Honey, when you grow up, you can be anything you want to be”.How’s that for a torturous open-ended statement for Libra child, facing a lifetime of weighing the pros and the cons of career planning? No pressure there!Fortunately, life deals us a variety of hands that help shape that wide, open-ended statement into something that gradually narrows into what might seem like a career path. Factors like interest, talent, perseverance and perhaps even things like eye-hand coordination (or lack thereof) gradually eliminate a few options, bit by bit, without really trying too hard.It is clear that hockey player, pro golfer and baseball player were never on the table for me. When it came to natural affinity, I don’t think I was cut out to be a scientist since Physics was one of my worst subjects.However, I did inherit (if one can actually inherit these) a head for numbers from my Dad and an affinity for creativity and language from my Mom so I was indeed lucky with the doors that were open to me.Here they are: The Top 10 Things I Wanted to Be When I Grew Up10 – An elevator operatorYes, I am of a vintage that remembers a time when people were hired to drive elevators. The elevators of yesteryear were not fully automated like today, as the doors needed a human to open and close them. I remember visits to a big downtown department store when I was very young and thought driving an elevator all day would be the coolest thing and that the people operating them had the coolest job EVER! I admit that I was also impressed by the very smart elevator operator uniforms. Unfortunately the fully automated elevator came in shortly thereafter and dashed those dreams… darn technology!9 – A dentistThis one lasted for a LONG time and I believe it was inspired from Hermey, the elf in the Rudolph the Red-Nosed Reindeer Christmas Special on television. I remember my Grade 7 composition on “What I Want To Be When I Grow Up” was indeed on the theme of dentistry. To prepare for that composition I spent a few afternoons at the library reading everything available on the topic. The research was hard core (well, about as hard core and scientific as a 12 year old’s research can get) and I knocked that composition out of the park. However, I spent so much time in the orthodontist’s chair in my teens getting my bottom teeth straightened, I lost interest.8 – A corporate trainerAs an adult, I am very fortunate in not being prone to much “stage fright” when it comes to public speaking. That being the case, when I have had been asked to deliver training, I always thought it was a huge rush (and an even greater privilege) in seeing light bulb moments in the eyes of the audience members when they pick up on the concepts that are being conveyed. Also, there is no greater compliment than when I meet a former student weeks or months later who says that something I said stuck with them and that they were able to apply it, or that I took a complex issue and really made it easy to understand.I haven’t ruled this one out yet… there is still time.7 – A priestThere have been many soft signs over the years that have indicated I might have been right for this job. I believe I am good with people, a good listener, naturally inclined toward encouraging people and have known the value of the “spiritual tune-up” one can get from a great church experience. Again, with no real “stage fright”, having to deliver a sermon every week would not have been a problem. There have been times that I wanted to be part of that and thought I had what it would take. However, the vow of poverty was a deal breaker… I like shoes way too much for that.6 – A ventriloquistI recently had a weird flashback to childhood, remembering spending time in front of the mirror trying to talk without moving my lips. I thought it was just a sad “only child” thing I did, at a time when we only had 12 TV channels to choose from and 1 TV in the house, but then came a memory of actually thinking I could cut it as a ventriloquist. Thank god I didn’t follow that dream! Ironically, as an adult, I get easily creeped out by ventriloquist dummies, so I can only suspect I was more inspired by Shari Lewis and Lambchop more than any of the other ventriloquist teams of that era.5 – A pharmacistAfter working part time in “your friendly neighbourhood pharmacy” throughout my high school years, one can’t help but get influenced a little by one’s surroundings and the people we work with. For a while, pharmacist was on the list, but let’s just say that my best courses at school were pointing more toward a future in business than sciences, so that fell off the radar.4 – A hairstylistGiven the amount of time I spent on my hair in the 1980’s and 1990’s, how can one NOT consider hairstylist as a career option.3 – A managerMy professional career was built on a slow and steady journey, gradually climbing the corporate ladder with the goal of eventually becoming a manager. I was very lucky in that I had received 5 opportunities to “act” for a few months in a management position due to temporary vacancies. After 5 times of trying very hard to make it work, but struggling, often feeling like a fish swimming against the current, I concluded it was not for me. It was great experience and I received compliments on my abilities as a manager but to be honest, I don’t think I was a natural at it.2 – A Wal-Mart GreeterWith only a few years left to retirement, some people have already been kidding that because of my sunny disposition and relentless cheerfulness, I should become a Wal-Mart Greeter when I retire. I admit, if I ever needed some extra cash, that would probably be the most natural way to go for me, but I have a feeling retirement will be all about what is #1 on the list:1 – A writerThe idea of becoming a writer only really hit me in my university years even though I always had an easy time expressing myself in writing. This blog has really been a source of inspiration in itself in demonstrating to me that what I can do here is just the tip of the iceberg of what awaits when I can do this full time. I really look forward to it!Ironically, public servant was not in my Top 10, but in retrospect, I worked for a very dynamic Agency that offered challenging assignments that pushed me beyond my limits and my comfort zones, which helped me become the person I am today. I am proud of several accomplishments to which I contributed while working with great people, some of whom I know will be lifelong friends. For those reasons, and many more, when looking back, I wouldn’t have changed a thing.If you haven’t already, please check out the rest of my blog at andrebegin.net. From there, you can click on the “Follow” button to receive future posts directly in your inbox.Also, don’t be shy, feel free to tell a friend or to share the link.Sincere thanks for reading! The Money in the Bank 150 at Berlin Raceway has become one of the premier Super Late Model races of the season. Its one-day format is a favorite to teams and fans alike, with a large purse that pays a cool $20,000 to win.Berlin Raceway Director of Operations Nick Rice joined Speed51.com’s The Morning Bullring Monday morning to talk about the 3rdAnnual Money in the Bank 150. The race will once again be held on the Monday after the NASCAR Cup Series race at Michigan International Speedway, which has been attractive to race teams and fans alike.“It’s always been the Monday after the race at MIS (Michigan International Speedway),” Rice told Speed51.com. “It’s just one of them days that during the summer, you don’t typically get to go to a race track on a Monday. They mark it on their calendar early and plan to be here. Everybody’s really geared up at the beginning of the summer to stack the grandstands, drivers don’t typically have a place to race on a Monday but they’re coming from someplace else racing Saturday and Sunday so you end up getting a really good field of cars.”The first two editions of the race have seen NASCAR Cup Series drivers Kyle Busch and Erik Jones compete, as well as Truck Series drivers Matt Crafton, Harrison Burton, and Stewart Friesen. Bubba Pollard and Brian Campbell have won the first two editions of the race, and both drivers are entered for next Monday’s race.Over thirty cars from around the country have started the Money in the Bank 150 both years, and race officials are expecting a similar car count for next Monday. Rice says that despite the talent coming in from all around, the local drivers will be hard to beat.“We’ve got a pretty good entry list, twenty-four cars pre-entered. There’s guys from all over. You got Illinois, Oklahoma, Kansas, Georgia, West Virginia, Ohio, Indiana, Colorado, and a bunch of our locals here in Michigan. It’s hard to beat some of our local guys here at Berlin, no matter how good you are.”For the second year in a row, the Money in the Bank 150 will be sanctioned by the ARCA/CRA Super Series as a non-points race. Berlin Raceway has a great relationship with the Champion Racing Association (CRA) and looks forward to when they make the haul to Marne, Michigan.“That’s big, and something we continue to look forward to,” Rice said. “Having those great guys with the CRA Super Series here is awesome but we really like to put our guys here in Michigan up against those guys because it ends up being a really good show.”Berlin Raceway is known for having some of the stiffest local competition the country has to offer. The tricky 7/16-mile oval is a hard track to get ahold of for the outsiders, which gives weekly drivers an advantage heading into any given race. With some of the country’s best racers entered, it sets the stage for a night of great racing.“We’ve had a lot of our guys really step up this year and are looking really good,” he said. “We’ve got our Brian Campbells and Johnny VanDoorns and other guys that are local to Berlin, but we also have guys racing just here on Saturdays. Scott Thomas and his brother Tom have been really strong all year. You can never count out Dave Lake, he’s had more laps around this place than anybody. Our current points leader Nate Walton has been super consistent here. Boris Jurkovic’s been on a streak here with his new Rowdy Manufacturing car.“You never know who’s going to show up,” Rice continued. “You’ve had Kyle Busch here for several years even before when it was the Money in the Bank. You never know who’s going to show up. We have a really strong list already with some ARCA competitors and Bubba Pollard, it’s a really strong field.”With the wrath of Mother Nature affecting Berlin Raceway and other tracks throughout the Midwest during the 2019 season, they are ready for the 3rd Annual Money in the Bank 150 next Monday. As one of the highest-paying Super Late Model races in the country, they are excited to see how the race will pan out and see which driver will celebrate in victory lane while becoming $20,000 richer.“Having a $70,000 total purse on the line is something that’s awesome and draws a lot of attention,” he said. “It’s $20,000 to win and $700 to start and stacked in between. We’re excited to get this rolling. Obviously, we’ve been challenged like everybody else with weather throughout the season. We’ve rained out three of our seven events this season already, but we’re in the office and we’re ready to roll on this thing.”Race fans unable to make it to Berlin Raceway Monday night will be able to watch the Money in the Bank 150 via a live pay-per-view broadcast on Speed51.com. Live video tickets can be purchased today for just $19.99 by clicking here.-Story by: Koty Geyer, Speed51.com State Editor (IN & MI)-Photo credit: Speed51.com SimpleEval is a web-based performance review application I developed in a consulting capacity alongside developers and administrators at Stanford University, specifically Administrative Systems and the Registrar's Office. SimpleEval provides a cleaner, more efficient way to create and manage performance reviews than the delivered ePerformance UX in PeopleSoft.I was responsible for all front-end development. Stanford employees implemented back-end functions in PeopleTools, which are exposed as web services to SimpleEval. SimpleEval was a challenge in that it required a comprehensive understanding of who can see what data at which points of the performance review lifecycle. The application is used by about 1,000 Stanford employees during each performance evaluation season. Thursday Troubleshooter: Last minute changes to schedule drive dental staff crazyThis dental office staff is tired of their work hours being changed on a whim, even if they do get longer lunches as "repayment." This messes with their personal schedules, and they want to see it stop.Nearly everyone has problems and concerns on the job, and sometimes you're just too close to a situation to solve something yourself. Share your concerns with Team Troubleshooter, and the experts will examine the issues and provide guidance. Send questions to email@example.com.QUESTION: In the office where I work the front office staff gets called in early for meetings and then are given extended lunches to compensate. Lunches vary by staff member. Some get 90 minutes or two hours, while others get only a one-hour lunch. Our work schedules are constantly changed on a whim. Is this legal or common practice? (The practice is in California.)ANSWER FROM LAURA HATCH, founder of Front Office Rocks:There are state laws that the practice needs to follow, so you should definitely seek advice from a human resources professional or lawyer to answer the legal perspective of this issue. (See answer from Rebecca Boartfield below.)That being said, I think it is important to have a discussion with the doctor or office manager about the inconvenience of the last-minute changes to the schedules. I think that it needs to be explained to them that employees have personal lives that should be considered when they make changes, such as day care, outside interests, spouses, and more. When things are changed last minute or employees are told to come in early and then take longer lunches, this causes a lot of stress on their personal lives.Though staff might "technically” still be working the same number of hours by taking longer lunches, this cuts into times in the morning or evening when they should be able to spend time with loved ones, and, these changes will definitely cause issues for things such as day care. Hopefully, by showing the doctor or office manager examples of how these last-minute changes affect the team members’ lives, they can adjust and not make these last-minute changes to the schedule. They can adapt the schedules to make them work better not only for the employees but for the office as well.ANSWER FROM REBECCA BOARTFIELD, HR expert with Bent Ericksen & Associates:At the moment, abrupt changes in schedules are perfectly legal, even though they are frustrating for employees. This may not always be the case if any "predictive scheduling" laws get passed in your state or elsewhere, which is currently the buzz we are hearing in the human resources world.Your state does have a requirement to pay a split shift differential. This could be required for employees taking 90 minutes or two hours or more for lunch. Click here for more information about this.When you click on the link, read number six in particular because how much someone makes offsets what the person is owed for a split shift. For a higher paid person, this could mean no split shift differential is owed at all.This is a tough situation that you're in, and unfortunately there is no legal recourse for the staff members at the moment.Don't be shy! If YOU have a tough issue in your dental office that you would like addressed, send it to firstname.lastname@example.org for the experts to answer. Remember, you'll be helping others who share the same issue. Responses will come from various dental consultants, as well as other experts in the areas of human resources, coding, front office management, and more. These folks will assist dental professionals with their various issues on DentistryIQ because they're very familiar with the tough challenges day-to-day practice can bring. All inquiries will be answered anonymously each Thursday here on DIQ. SPJ survey of science journalists basis for new report on public information offices and transparencyFOR IMMEDIATE RELEASEAugust 4, 2015Carolyn Carlson, SPJ FOI Member, 470-578-2417, firstname.lastname@example.orgDavid Cuillier, SPJ FOI Chair, 520-248-6242 (PDT), email@example.comJennifer Royer, SPJ Communications Strategist, 317-361-4134, firstname.lastname@example.orgINDIANAPOLIS – A survey from the Society of Professional Journalists and the Center for Science and Democracy at the Union of Concerned Scientists is the basis for a new report, “Mediated Access: Transparency Barriers for Journalists’ Access to Scientists and Scientific Information at Government Agencies,” released today.The survey results, announced earlier this year, found that science and environmental writers struggle to obtain information from government agencies for their stories and often must go through a public information office (PIO) to contact subject matter experts within agencies to secure interviews.“Transparency invigorates a strong democracy. It inspires trust and spurs citizens to hold their leaders accountable. As citizens, we have the right to know about the scientific information shaping the policies that affect our health, our safety, and the environment. Our government has a responsibility to share this information openly,” the report begins.Carolyn S. Carlson, SPJ Freedom of Information Committee member and associate professor in the Department of Communication at Kennesaw State University, co-authored the report and says it gives a deeper understanding of the survey findings released in April and provides more information from UCS interviews with veteran science writers.“The report also provides a deeper use of the open-end comments from the survey,” Carlson said. “They have taken this information and created a list of recommendations for scientists, agencies and journalists. Many of these recommendations we agree with, but there are a couple of issues where SPJ has been pursuing a different position.”SPJ is against any entity forcing or “recommending” that employees report all contacts with the press and it is against PIOs monitoring interviews and preapproving information for a variety of reasons, including:• It slows down and interferes with the news gathering process.• Employees often severely limit what they say under such mandates for notification and monitoring, sometimes dangerously so.• Agencies can misuse monitoring and preapproval requirements as ways to chill speech, spin the science and hide wrongdoing.• PIO-chaperoned interviews are often no better than obtaining information from the PIO itself.• When PIOs are involved, journalists may be forced to use anonymous sources for some of the best stories about government, which is not ideal.• Journalists need agency experts to be able to speak candidly, including in instances when data or experts’ interpretation of the data differ from official reports.• When PIOs utilize preapproval and monitoring to curtail what journalists can ask and how interviewees can answer, they exert a form of control over how reporters understand an issue and what they write—and hence the information the public receives.“Government gatekeepers should not be mandating reporting of contacts, sitting in on interviews, blocking access to sources, or requiring questions be submitted in writing,” says David Cuillier, SPJ FOI Committee Chair. “It’s time for federal agencies in particular to change their ways, because in the end the public loses.”However, those interviewed said PIOs are a big help during times of crisis in getting information to the media via agency websites and social media accounts, as well as providing information not available online and coordinating interviews with experts, almost always on deadline, the findings suggest.The report was based on the survey, which received responses from 254 journalists interested in science, the environment, health and medicine. The survey queried journalists for their perspectives on how PIOs influence interviews and the information obtained from agency employees. It was open for response from Jan. 20 through Feb. 14.Founded in 1909 as Sigma Delta Chi, SPJ promotes the free flow of information vital to a well-informed citizenry; works to inspire and educate the next generation of journalists; and protects First Amendment guarantees of freedom of speech and press. For more information about SPJ, please visit spj.org. Posted on 22nd April 2017 by JN WineEarlier this month I had the incredible opportunity to visit Bordeaux for the first time. This region has become the powerhouse of the wine-producing world, and I was hugely excited to experience it for myself. The entire wine-world descends on Bordeaux at this time every year to taste the barrel samples of the previous autumn’s harvest. The area is buzzing with excitement as critics, merchants and enthusiasts visit the beautiful chateaux, take in the vineyards, and, most importantly, taste the wines, all while getting a feel for the vintage. As these powerful, long-lived wines are so young, I was bracing myself, and my teeth and gums, for a bumpy ride. But was pleasantly surprised. The wines from the 2016 vintage are incredibly approachable even in their infancy. A warm, pleasant summer, unhampered by rain or the dreaded hail, resulted in perfectly ripe grapes; the resulting wines showed juicy fruit, bright acidity, and all the other hallmarks of an extremely pleasant vintage indeed.Bordeaux and its vineyards is a real must see for any wine enthusiast. The city itself is well worth a visit, not least for the incredible Cité du Vin museum, showcasing all thing vinous. Straight off the plane we had a tasting here of the 2016 Haut-Bailly wines, followed by a glass of wine on the top floor bar with wonderful views of the city.The next day, with a misty, atmospheric dawn, we hit the road early to head out to the Left Bank. The vineyard area of Bordeaux is split in to 3 main areas. The Left Bank is closest to the coast, and where the city of Bordeaux centres, the Right Bank is on the opposite side of the Gironde Estuary that divides the region in two, and further south is Entre-Deux-Mers, “between two rivers” (or ‘seas’), famous for its white wines. The soils in the Left Bank are more suited to Cabernet Sauvignon, and here it rules the roost. When you’re driving through the (surprisingly flat) vineyards here, famous names are left, right and centre – Chateau Montrose, Lynch Bages, Palmer, Talbot. The rather uninteresting landscape is made up for by the fabulous chateaux – fairytale castles with towering turrets and sweeping driveways. They don’t do things by half here, including the wines; it is shaping up to be a fabulous vintage for the Left Bank. Here we visited Chateau Lafite with its fabulous artwork and grand tasting room, Mouton Rothschild, the beautiful Chateau Margaux, Pichon Lalande, Chateau Batailley, Leoville Poyferre, to name a few.I discovered that all these world-famous, highly-regarded appellations are based around tiny sleepy villages – Paulliac, Margaux, Sainte-Estephe – where it looks like not very much is happening at all, apart from producing some of the finest wines in the world, of course. One of the highlights here was visiting Pontet Canet, the 2016 was succulent and elegant, and we were treated to an excellent lunch afterwards, cheese heaven. During lunch they served a blind vintage of Pontet Canet and we had to guess the vintage, there was some bribing and betting going on, and it was eventually revealed it was the 2007 – not the most celebrated of the past decade or two, but certainly drinking beautifully now.The next day we headed over to the Right Bank, which includes the famous areas of Saint-Emilion and Pomerol, where Merlot dominates, and the feel here was quite a contrast. For a start the scenery and topography is quite different – rolling hills and drumlins (I felt a bit more at home!), Romanesque stone-wall terraces, and the chateaux are more quaint French farmhouses than fairytale castles. The town of Saint-Emilion is so picturesque, and handily enough, only a stone’s throw from our next few visits – Chateau Pavie, Petrus, and Le Pin – whose 2016 wines really shone.One of the highlights for me personally in the Right Bank was visiting Francois Mitjavile at Tertre-Roteboeuf. You couldn’t help but like this eccentric, excitable Frenchman in his cravat and elbow-patched tweed jacket. We were welcomed in to his dank, dark cellar, tightly packed with barrels, offered his fabulous 2016s from old crystal decanters – Domaine de Cambes, Roc de Cambes, and Tertre Roteboeuf – and invited to spit them in the trough. Rustic indeed, but a refreshing approach after the lavishness of the Left Bank. We also tasted some of Francois’s 2015s, which are coming along nicely, and I like to think I contributed to that vintage in some small way, as he poured my glass back into the barrel!It was a whirlwind of a few days, with hundreds of wines tasted and many miles covered, but extremely enjoyable. I felt very privileged to be there and experience it, and especially to be there when the 2016 vintage is looking so promising and so approachable. I have been studying and reading about Bordeaux for so many years, but to visit it and taste it really puts it in to perspective. Seeing the land the grapes are grown on, how the wines are made, and meeting the people who make them, gives a whole other level of understanding and appreciation to the wine, and that’s really what we’re all about at JN. The Roman Catholic Church held a form of the gospel from the Roman Emperor Constantine in the 4th century until the Protestant Reformation which was started by Martin Luther in the 16th Century.Since then until this day a more truer form of the gospel was held by what we know as mainstream Christianity; namely Lutherans, Methodists, Presbyterians, Brethren, Baptists etc.The real gospel is in the process of being recaptured and restored, new understanding that was hidden in plain sight has been coming to light. At the turn of the 20th century understanding that had remained dormant for 1900 years began re-emerging. Understanding like the gifts of the Holy Spirit, for example. healing, deliverance, prophecy.The gospel is about to be re-honed, restored just that little bit more again.That last guardians of the gospel which we call mainstream christianity, held the gospel in trust for 500 years. They have protected and treasured it, they have got the main things right but some enormous things wrong, change is coming.The real gospel is being revealed in these last days, with correct focus and correct empowerment.Where mainstream Christianity has focused on He is righteous and you are an ungodly sinner, the coming shift will glorify the finished work of Christ and move away from always being about sin. It will draw on the scriptures that mainstream Christianity has forgotten, has a lesser meaning for, or doesn’t understand the importance of.Where mainstream Christianity has focused on the weeds, behavior modification and continual repentance to be saved, the coming gospel will focus on the flowers, the finished work of Christ, freedom, life, the beauty of wholeness, (holiness).While mainstream Christianity climbs the mountain to victory over sin, the coming gospel will enjoy coming from victory no matter how messed up the individual is.Being Christ-like is the goal and there are two different ways people try to achieve this goal.One by religion: for example, do not touch, do not taste, do not handle, pull your socks up, putting your best foot forward, continual repentance, make yourself acceptable to God. If your heart is not right you’re on your way to hell. This is wrongly trying to climb the mountain to victory.The second way is: righteousness, God gifts you righteousness apart from your performance and by you believing that you are holy and righteous, it will transform your soul life. God says I have made you righteous in Christ now go and live righteously. I have made you Christ-like, now live Christ-like. I have forgiven you, now forgive. This is coming from His Victory, not your striving to be made right.One is dirty and is always trying to become clean, the other is clean and rejects all that is unclean.Salvation will not be based on your performance, your ability to keep your hands and heart clean, but on His performance and the greatness of His gift. It will not be based on your ability to put your best foot forward and say, “See God I am living right, I have kept my heart free from sin,” I must be acceptable to you now, or even I am so unacceptable, God I am such a sinner”. This is a Christianity where repentance is your good news, your savior along with Christ. It says that God’s gift of righteousness is affected by your daily conscience. Its called 10 minute eternal life and its dependent on the fragility of your conscience. This is nothing more than religious bondage. Forever repenting to stay right with God, going clean dirty, clean dirty, right, not right, saved, unsaved, from fear to fear not faith to faith.Paul says we do not go by, “do not touch, do not taste, do not handle”, it is powerless to control the flesh. We go by recognizing ourselves dead to sin and alive to Christ. The real gospel will focus on the new life. Not just a positional salvation and a focus on sin but a literal new life, one that is complete and righteous right now. Not just a positional righteousness but a literal righteousness. Not just a “created human” that has been adopted to be positionally called a son or daughter of God, but a very real “born of God, spirit,” a literal son or daughter.There are two types of repentance, one to be righteous and the other because you are righteous. 1. ‘repentance unto righteousness’ and 2. ‘righteousness unto repentance’, one says I am wicked and I am evil and I am sorry. The other says; He has made me righteous, I am born of my Father God and this wicked sin has nothing to do with me, I reject it and renounce it. I tear it off like Lazarus’s death clothes.‘Repentance unto righteousness’ was half of the equation to get into Christ (the other half having faith in His sin sacrifice at the cross), but once we are in Christ we switch to the other type; ‘righteousness unto repentance’, we get given the gift of righteousness and now live by His righteousness not our own.However if you don’t change from an old creation understanding to a new creation understanding, if you don’t rise from the dead, and realize you are not the same soulical being you started life as, then the first type of repentance will remain. Your focus will be on your sin, it will be forever before you, guilt ridden, so you will focus on the cross rather than the resurrection. Forever trying to finish the work rather than understand it is finished, that you are complete and righteous right now.Your righteousness in Him is not equal to how righteous your heart is, or your ability to keep it clean. The belief that you have to repent to keep yourself righteous, or you fall from grace is wrong. You do not earn or keep the free gift of God’s righteousness by repenting, if that were the case you would only be as righteous as your repentance. And all that is, is your own ability to keep your heart right. That is called self righteousness and it masquerades behind the religious spirit of ‘repentance unto righteousness’.The real gospel is not about you cleaning up your old life, it’s about empowering your new life, its focus is not on sin, that is an ugly focus, and its polluted the gospel for the last 2000 years. Its focus will be on life, wholeness, Christ’s finished work, and Him dying on the cross for you, you rising with Him in newness of life. You the new creation, not like old school Christianity which focuses on sin, saying you are the death clothes of Lazarus. The truth is you are not the death clothes but a new resurrected you, with His new life.In this life you now live in the flesh, (Galatians 2:20), you live in the flesh to have a go against sin, so you can develop faith, hope and love, it is the earth lesson of sin vs. real life, (He is real life), remember whatever you sow you will reap!We hate sin, not because it could take us to hell, but because it is destructive, evil, immature, selfish, foolish. There is no life in it, no blessing in it, it is the domain of the enemy and it attracts him like wasps to honey. We have nothing to do with it, it is the opposite of light and love, it is contrary to Christ. If you dwell in it how can you be blessed, God is not there.We overcome by realizing we are dead to sin and alive in Christ, in other words, you have been resurrected with Him, Hidden in Him, translated into Him, baptized in Him, a new perfect complete being who has Christ’s life, but you are living in a body of death, like Lazarus struggling with his death clothes.Our focus will be walking with our Father in unapproachable light, we are now a born again life giving spirit, full of love, righteousness peace and joy in the Holy Spirit. We will live from the finished work, all things being lawful, but maybe not helpful, not controlled by do not touch, taste or handle. Although we stink of sin we will never ‘repent unto righteousness’ (to do that would belittle the finished work).We will tear off the death clothes of Lazarus because they stink, they muffle God’s voice, blind our eyes and bind us up. Not because we are making ourselves alive but because He made us alive inside the old death clothes and says take them off.The real gospel is emerging and it is happening around you now. It is, “as He is in heaven so are you on the earth”, no matter how bad your death clothes stink. Therefore awake you who sleep, arise from the dead, and Christ will give you light. Ephesians 5:14.You will never be any more righteous than you are now, just like Lazarus was not any more alive by taking off the death clothes. Did you get that?Let me repeat it. You will never be any more righteous than you are right now, just like Lazarus was not any more alive by taking off the death clothes.His death clothes were burial wrappings, yours is your old soul encoded life. All old things have passed away, behold and see all things have become new.Smarten up Lazarus, you are alive!! even though its dark, smelly, you feel bound, alone and cold. Come into the light, the real gospel and find your new life. Nurses: A Voice to Lead - Health IS a Human RightThe right to health is more than a catch phrase for health workers,civil society groups and non-government organizations inan effort to positively change the world.Nurses are essential in transforming health care and health systems such that no person is left behind, without access to care or impoverished because of their need for health care.International Council of Nurses (ICN) believes that health is a human right. We are at the forefront of advocating for access to health and nurses are key to delivering it. Ensuring that we have enough nurses and other health care workers is a critical enabler of the human right to health.Nurses can be a voice to lead by supporting a people-centred approach to care and the health system, and by ensuring their voices are heard in influencing health policy, planning, and provision.They are key to achieving the right to health for everyone; no matter the location, no matter the setting. Health is a human right.Health systems are an essential element of a healthy and equitable society. When health is viewed as a human right, there is a demand on us to take action and a responsibility to enable access to a health system.This belief should be the cornerstone of an effective system, and the benefits of this will ultimately flow to communities and countries.The right to health is more than a catch phrase for health workers, civil society groups and non-government organizations in an effort to positively change the world.In the majority of cases, the right to health is a legal instrument that can be used to hold governments and the international community to account.It can and it should be used as a constructive tool for the health sector to provide the best care for individuals, communities and populations.Operated by nurses and leading nursing internationally, ICN works to ensure quality nursing care for all and sound health policies globally. ICN chooses a theme each year to celebrate International Nurses Day. Our 2017-2019 campaign, Nurses: A Voice to Lead, focuses on the need for nurses to become more active and vocal in policy development and implementation. The resources and evidence deal with critical issues of the time and highlight the many ways in which nurses are making an impact. You can also visit some helpful info in the field of online gaming premios dinero linea ganar dinero real online jugar apostar portales web juegos azar portales - Tons of interesdting stuff!!!Only 1 post in this thread yetAnonymous users may post new threadsAnonymous users may post repliesLogged in users may post new threadsLogged in users may post repliesPost attachments is offPost editing is offAll times are GMT+1.The date and time now is Tue Aug 20 12:43:13 2019.Copyright © 1998-2019 Clipland GmbH. All rights reserved. | Clipland.com - 1st in music videos online! Foam Sclerotherapy in Manhattan & NYCSclerotherapy has been considered the “gold standard” of vein treatments for many years. The addition of foam sclerosant provides greater versatility and success for the patient. Foam agents are able to displace blood within the vein for a more effective sealing process. The ability to cover a larger surface area also allows this procedure to be used on larger varicose veins than have previously responded to sclerotherapy procedures. Foam also allows the physician to better track the progress of the sclerosing agent by ultrasound, for a more precise procedure overall.How does Foam Sclerotherapy Work?Foam sclerotherapy is performed as an outpatient procedure, using a local anesthetic. The location of the affected vein is targeted, using ultrasound technology. Once the vein is marked, the foam sclerosing agent is injected directly into the affected vein using a very fine needle. The procedure may take anywhere from a few minutes to an hour to complete, depending on how many veins will be targeted for treatment in a single session.After the sclerosing agent is injected, another ultrasound examination will be performed to ensure the affected vein sealed shut fully. The patient will be instructed to wear compression stockings for a number of days after the procedure to encourage healthy blood flow in the treated leg. Most patients are able to return to normal activities immediately after treatment, with little discomfort afterward.Foam sclerotherapy may be performed in multiple sessions to achieve desired results. The procedure is minimally invasive and involves little discomfort and no downtime afterward. To learn more about foam sclerotherapy, contact the staff at Advanced Varicose Vein Treatments of Manhattan for more information. My Best Friend Died a Year Ago This Week. This is How I've Accepted It.Murray Lewis Adams4/20/64 - 3/7/19From the moment I realized he wasn’t going to make it, which in retrospect was happening for months before he died, I accepted it.I cried, and still do.I miss him.But when I miss him in a painful way I know it’s because I don’t think I am capable of creating the emotions I want to feel that I felt when he was here.Could go on and on….But I didn’t want to make him responsible for my feelings.I didn’t in Life and I certainly won’t in death.Who he was in my life and the thoughts I had about him created these feelings.Who he is in Death and the thoughts I have about him still create these feelings -This is my process for how I’ve accepted Murray’s sudden death.It was supposed to happenHow do I know this?Because it did.No pretending, imagining otherwise or wishing it different changes this fact.I don’t think I’m alone on this;I’ve feared death most of my life. Like FEARED it.This fear kept me from living.Death, which no one is exempt from, is our biggest fear.I think because of what we make it mean.If we die before we’ve truly lived, we didn’t live to our fullest potential.If we lose someone before we’ve truly connected with them, we didn’t love to our fullest potential.Wishing Murray’s death didn’t happen would be believing I didn’t Love him fully while he was here or that I don’t know how to love him while he’s not.I did and continue to do both of these things.Could I have made more time and had more experiences with him?But regretting not having done this doesn’t serve me.He’s not here to make up for it.But I can bring his memory onto each new experience I have - and I do.One example of this is the recent move we made into our new home we’d been building for 9 years;Murray in Life was witness to this huge project.He lived it with us.We didn’t finish it before he died. In fact, the last year after his death is when it really started to come together.He would’ve LOVED IT.And he does.When we moved in last month Murray was there.He was so proud of us.He eased the challenges and brought humor to the situation, just as always.Murray was supposed to die, because he did.Accepting this has allowed me to have a different relationship with him, a relationship that was supposed to happen.This moment is all we haveIn this moment, right here, I am in my physical form.I am alive.This is what I believe.This believe serves me in living in my physical form.This is Life.Murray isn’t here. At least not in physical form.If I longed for his physical presence, I wouldn’t be in this moment in my physical presence.I’d miss the presence of those around me.I’d miss this opportunity to live here now.This is where everything is created and manifested.When I accept in each of my moments that Murray isn’t here - I can be in the moment.I can be present with the memory of him.I open up to the possibility that he is here in other ways.Because this is a possibility and I think of him in this way I bring him here with my thoughts.I’m present with him.If I bring him here with my thoughts wishing he didn’t dieI wouldn’t be here and I’d miss him being here too.This moment is all we have to connect with those we’ve lost.Who I am after experiencing this loss is who I need to be now.Murray was many things to me.He was a fixture in our life;He lived with us.He shared multiple meals a week in our homeHe managed our farmHe was our house sitterHe would always clean the house before we came home - down to the fold on the toilet paper roll.We felt confident leaving because Murray could manage all the moving pieces in our lives.He was an Uncle to Our Children - the Third Adult that kept the playing field levelHe talked to me like my partner, Sean, didn’t.We joked he was my second husband.He was my relief button.He was the bear hug.He knew me like no one else.He can’t be replaced, but what he created with me still grows.I didn’t know how we would continue without Murray.But what I’ve learned is that we can.What Murray offers us, and what we offered him wasWhat I know now is these are available to me - always.Murray didn’t give these to me.We were attracted to each other because we both offer these gifts.Murray woke a piece of my spirit that continues to grow, not in spite of his death, but because of it.Realizing that I can continue down my life path and meet other amazing, brilliant, kind, funny and helpful peopleThat I can fall in love again and againThat there is abundance -This came from his death.Thank you Murray.You always believed in me.And now I believe in myself more. Liberal = hypocrite. Their “tolerance” is a ruse to gain supremacist power over us and impose their revolutionary intolerance of 3,000 years of western morality.— Michael HoffmanKentucky Clerk Denies Same-Sex Marriage Licenses, Defying CourtCounty Clerk Kim DavisMs. Davis’s supporters, including Mr. McKinney, said they were frustrated by the legal system that had brought Rowan County to Tuesday’s standoff. “Every court system that she’s had to go before is a rigged court,” he said. “If she should be fined or jailed, either one, I think it could be one of the most disgraceful things that ever happened in this county.” But he also said he was confident that with God’s help, Ms. Davis would ultimately prevail, even though her odds appeared to be narrowing. “He delivered Daniel from the lion’s den,” Mr. McKinney said. “So I trust he will deliver her.”Comment from NY Times reader Eric J:“I have no sympathy for Miss Davis if she gets imprisonment.”Many of the comments from the liberal readers of the Times are of this tenor: jail her.Read more at NY Times.com “I think what I would really most like to write about is palm trees and bougainvillea and hummingbirds. I would like to go into the desert and write about salamanders and the Grand Canyon, but history keeps rupturing my experience because politics are everywhere.” National Book Award winner Robin Coste Lewis on overcoming brain damage and becoming a poet. Pair with Andrew Kay’s Millions essay on the power of poetry.As round one of the Tournament of Books wraps up, The Morning News offers some statistical analysis as well as some commentary that addresses the competition and controversies thus far. Round two commences next week!“Will excessive drinking unleash your creative energy? Who can say?” Over at The Toast, intrepid cataloger Ren Arcamone has compiled a list of things you could be doing instead of writing your thesis. Go read it instead of writing your thesis. Continue the stay of essay execution and check out Mallory Ortberg’s hilarious (and helpful) guide to some common signs that you might be dying in a Victorian novel. Cocoon is led by a committed group of physicians, scientists, and engineers dedicated to providing patients freedom from serious diseases.CEO & FounderDr. Ailis Tweed-Kent is an up-and-coming entrepreneur and leader in the development of innovative medical technologies. With her education in medicine at Harvard Medical School (HMS) and residency in internal medicine at Massachusetts General Hospital (MGH), Ailis has first hand knowledge of the burden of disease. In 2013, Ailis was inspired by her patients to found Cocoon to develop innovative silk therapeutics leveraging silk as a materials science platform. Prior to Cocoon, she worked on the design, development, and delivery of diagnostic technologies for global health collaborating with organizations such as PEPFAR/Office of U.S. Global AIDS Coordinator, London School of Hygiene & Tropical Medicine, and the Global Health Delivery Project. She brings a multidisciplinary approach with a B.S. in Chemical Engineering from the University of Notre Dame. She was recently named to the Boston Business Journal’s 2017 Women to Watch in Science and Technology as well as the Boston MedTech’s 40 Under 40 Healthcare Innovators. Personal workspaces should be designed to support both collaboration and focused work. The new model of simplicity and balance in contemporary design provides the ideal partner for meeting the ever changing needs of the multi-functional workspace.Visual Acute is a versatile desk system with a fresh, clean aesthetic and is based around a telescopic support beam, providing the structure and rigidity required for components to be shared between work surfaces, when required.Visual Acute desksDesk tops are 25mm thick MFC with 2mm edging for durability, silver or gloss white metal leg frames include height levellers as standard. Acute provides you with the functional and cost-effective solutions to help you create your ideal flexible space. Townhouse for sale in the highly desirable New Tampa. This corner unit has 2 large bedrooms 2 full bathrooms & a half bathroom on the first floor. The kitchen has granite counter tops and nice stainless steal appliances (refrigerator/stove). You...Visit this property in TAMPA: 18913 DUQUESNE DR, TAMPANew Carpets in 2018 (except Bedroom 2) Upgraded Laminate wood floors in 2014. Washer & Dryer room inside. Painted in 2011. a year.Visit this property in VALRICO: 2804 WINDCREST OAKS CT, VALRICOThe home sits on almost a 1/3 of an acre and boasts 5 beds/5. Designer upgrades include: a huge gourmet chef's kitchen, formal breakfast room with combined seating for 15 and a 3 sided floor to ceiling marble gas fireplace. The great room features...Visit this property in TAMPA: 4521 W BEACHWAY DR, TAMPAFabulous top floor, end unit of the "west lofts" of signature. Just steps from amenity deck , pool , spa,bbq,and work out facility. One of the lowest Monthly HOA Fees in the area. This one will sell quickly.Visit this property in ST PETERSBURG: 145 2ND AVE S #613, ST PETERSBURG The big voice of Terry Davies joined forces with the amazingly talented Sherie Rae Parker on Sunday, July 5, to deliver the Music and Magic of Barry Manilow and Bette Midler to Robson Ranch residents. Barry is best known for his catalog of hits that include the chart topping Mandy, Ready To Take A Chance Again, Could It be Magic, Copacabana, I Write The Songs, “Can’t Smile Without You” and many others. Terry Davies performs Barry’s music with a style rarely surpassed.Major productions, Legends In Concert and Berlin’s Stars In Concert have made Sherie Rae Parker their best Bette Midler. “I feel a special closeness to Bette Midler,” Sherie Rae remarks. “Our voices are a lot alike. I love her humor and energy on the stage. Her style and ability to take me to another place…it’s always a challenge. I am definitely having a great time!”These dynamic performers delivered a powerful and rousing performance that had the audience on their feet in appreciation at the conclusion of the evening. Residents were still talking about it days afterward and are anxiously anticipating the upcoming “Catch A Wave” Beach Boys Tribute in August. Surf’s up! Just popping in to wish you all a Happy New Year. We’re back to our routine of work and school today so it seems apt to pick up the blogging baton once more.We had a great Christmas. It was relaxing, fun, sociable, abundant and pleasantly hectic in equal measure. We spent time with family and friends, went for long bracing walks, watched films and played together. It was fab.I’m not sure what this year holds for us yet. We’re making no big plans, but I do want to work harder, earn more, spend more time together as a family and make more time to read.I had a quick review of last year’s plans before writing this post. To my shame, I didn’t make it to one single exhibition or gallery last year but we did pretty much everything else to a greater or lesser extent. We didn’t go camping nearly enough though - a combination of weather, Spence’s band playing at festivals on all the big weekends and a lack of planning I’m afraid.I’m determined to put that right this year though. So tell me, where should we take our little old camper van this year? I’m thinking a weekend or two in Cornwall and longer breaks to Northumberland, Suffolk and a trip to Brittany to see friends - any hints and recommendations? Spectacular turn key 3 bedroom 2 bath home with approx 1,612 sf of living space. Peaceful court location. Updated kitchen with granite counters, 5 burner gas cook-top, double oven, microwave, and white cabinets. Beautiful hickory wood flooring. Spacious living and dining areas. Quality plantation shutters. Fabulous wood deck and staircase to lawn area for outdoor entertaining. Side Boat/RV access with swing gate. Located just minutes from Hwy 4 and the thriving downtown scene. Do Not miss out on this incredible opportunity!All data is deemed reliable but is not guaranteed accurate.4105 Blackhawk Plaza Cir Danville CA 94506 You can find Tobisviks Camping right next to the beach about 2 km north of Simrishamn, with Österlens all wonderful excursions within easy reach. Along the beach there is a lovely walk / bike path that leads into Simrishamn with its well-preserved center and cozy fishing port.Adjacent to the campsite you will find the Tobisvik bath with 3 temperate outdoor pools. The largest is an 50 meter pool with 3 meters and 1 meter trampoline. Here you can also book a swimming school for the children during the summer. The camping area also has a beach volleyball court, a beach football pitch, tennis courts, boules court, mini golf, etc.Within the same area you will find our popular restaurant Tobisviks Bar and Grill with full rights. If you need a snack, you can also visit Tårtans café & ice cream parlor! There are mini-lifes next to the reception building where you can buy brand new crispy breads delivered by local bakers every morning.We have 11 cabins and 2 caravans for rent. Here are 4 beds all. 5 bed cottages, with or without toilet and shower.A short distance away is access to the shower room, laundry room and a children's play area with bouncy pillow. All cottages have a TV. New for this year is the rebuilding of the previous area with the places around 400 and the parking places that are new and the mini golf course being moved. There will also be a new entrance and exit for the area and expansion of the WiFi network.Since Tobisviks Camping is centrally located in Österlen, there are plenty of different tourist attractions and attractions that are worth visiting. Among other things, wine tasting and walking tour of Nordic Sea Winery, a visit to the TV-current Mandelmann's garden or why not check out the apples at Kivik's Musteri, the ghosts at Glimmingehus Borg, the King's tomb in Kivik, Stenshuvud, Smygehuk or swim and ride a carousel on Tosselilla Summerland.We at Tobisvik look forward to meeting you / you and fulfilling your wishes for a great holiday, warm welcome!Ola & Anna AmbuhmFeel free to share the page with someone in need: CBP exposes contractor trade secrets in surveillance project- By Kevin McCaney- Apr 06, 2012Customs and Border Protection blocked access to a contracting Web page, and later moved its location, after it had inadvertently posted documents containing commercial trade secrets as part of a solicitation for a video surveillance project on the U.S.-Mexico border in Arizona.In addition to blocking further access to the documents, CBP is asking anyone who downloaded the two documents in question to delete or destroy them, according to a notice posted to FedBizOps.The website where the documents were posted is a password-protected site for authorized users, so CBP has a list of anyone who has accessed, viewed or downloaded the documents. CBP’s notice said it would directly contact those individuals, asking them to delete their copies and to confirm in writing that they’ve gotten rid of them.The documents, which CBP said “may contain information considered to be commercial/trade secret information,” were posted to a Virtual Reading Room as part of a new solicitation for a remote video surveillance system for the Southwestern border of the U.S. The solicitation was posted in February.The documents were titled "80' Monopole Dwgs.pdf and "80 Foot Monopole Spec's V1.0.pdf," CBP said. The agency temporarily blocked access to the site while it removed the documents and later moved the location of the Virtual Reading Room.The previous effort to build a “virtual fence” along the 2,000-mile border, the Secure Border Initiative Network, or SBInet, was abandoned in January 2011 after five years and a cost of $1 billion, because of technical problems, schedule delays and cost overruns.The Homeland Security Department subsequently announced a new initiative that would use electronic surveillance equipment similar to that attempted with SBINet.The new plan called for spending $242 million in fiscal 2012 on a variety of technology, including fixed and remote video surveillance systems, along the U.S.-Mexico border in Arizona.At the time SBI was canceled, it had completed a system covering 53 miles. Officials said the new initiative, which would use mobile surveillance systems and unmanned aerial vehicles in addition to some fixed systems, is expected to cost $750 million for the remaining 323 miles of Arizona’s border. CBP also requested an addition $800 million over a 10-year period for operations and maintenance.A Government Accountability Office report released in November 2011 criticized the project, saying that that CBP lacked the information it needed to build the system in accordance with DHS and Office of Management and Budget guidance.GAO said the agency had not documented its reasons for choosing specific technologies and had failed to adequately define the benefits of the project. CBP also had not done a review of SBInet to gain lessons that could help with implementing the new system and making it work with the existing elements of SBInet.Kevin McCaney is a former editor of Defense Systems and GCN. HQTelecom.com is a private company with offices located in Miami Lakes, Florida, USA. Our telecom division also specializes in online retail and wholesale distribution of telephone specialty products and consumer electronics.The company has been accredited since 2003 by the Better Business Bureau (BBB) with an A Rating. Since its inception, our company has consistently uphold to BBB's accreditation standards, which include a commitment to act in accordance with ethical business practices and to respond to customers' feedback.Travel Lodging Directory Services Division - We also operate Rentalo.com; an award-winning travel lodging website that facilitates lodging negotiations and property finder services to travelers, trip planners, travel agencies, corporates and government agencies. We also offer other travel related services such as full internet marketing service and travel insurance.For additional information and or questions, please contact us. When administered intravenously, Lactated Ringer'sInjection provides a source of water and electrolytes.content resembles that of the principal ionic constituents of normalplasma and the solution therefore is suitable for parenteral replacementof extracellular losses of fluid and electrolytes.Solutions containing lactate are NOT FOR USE IN THETREATMENT OF LACTIC ACIDOSIS.Solutions containing calcium ions should not beadministered simultaneously through the same administration set as bloodbecause of the likelihood of coagulation.Solutions which contain potassium should be used withgreat care, if at all, in patients with hyperkalemia, severe renalfailure and in conditions in which potassium retention is present.Solutions containing sodium ions should be used withgreat care, if at all, in patients with congestive heart failure, severerenal insufficiency and in clinical states in which there exists edemawith sodium retention.In patients with diminished renal function,administration of solutions containing sodium or potassium ions mayresult in sodium or potassium retention.Solutions containing lactate ions should be used withgreat care in patients with metabolic or respiratory alkalosis. Theadministration of lactate ions should be done with great care wherethere is an increased level or an impaired utilization of lactate ions,as in severe hepatic insufficiency.The intravenous administration of this solution cancause fluid and/or solute overloading resulting in dilution of serumelectrolyte concentrations, overhydration, congested states or pulmonaryedema. The risk of dilutional states is inversely proportional to theelectrolyte concentrations of administered parenteral solutions.The risk of solute overload causing congested stateswith peripheral and pulmonary edema is directly proportional to theelectrolyte concentrations of such solutions.Clinical evaluation and periodic laboratorydeterminations are necessary to monitor changes in fluid balance,electrolyte concentrations and acid-base balance during prolongedparenteral therapy or whenever the condition of the patient warrantsCaution must be exercised in the administration ofparenteral fluids, especially those containing sodium ions, to patientsreceiving corticosteroids or corticotropin.Potassium containing solutions should be used withcaution in the presence of cardiac disease, particularly in digitalizedpatients or in the presence of renal disease.Solutions containing lactate ions should be used withcaution as excess administration may result in metabolic alkalosis.Do not administer unless solution is clear and containeris undamaged. Discard unused portion.Reactions which may occur because of the solution or thetechnique of administration include febrile response, infection at thesite of injection, venous thrombosis or phlebitis extending from thesite of injection, extravasation and hypervolemia.If an adverse reaction does occur, discontinue theinfusion, evaluate the patient, institute appropriate therapeuticcountermeasures and save the remainder of the fluid for examination ifIn the event of overhydration or solute overload,re-evaluate the patient and institute appropriate corrective measures.Dosage and Administration:Lactated Ringer's is administered byintravenous infusion. It may also be administered subcutaneously. Theamount to be infused is based on replacement of losses of extracellularfluid volume in the individual patient. Up to 3 times the volume ofestimated blood loss during and after surgery can be given to correctcirculatory volume when there is only a moderate loss of blood.Additives may be incompatible. Consult additivemanufacturer. When introducing additives, use aseptic technique, mixthoroughly and do not store.The presence of calcium limits their compatibility withcertain drugs that form precipitates of calcium salts, and alsoprohibits their simultaneous infusion through the same administrationset as blood because of the likelihood of coagulation.Parenteral drug products should be inspected visuallyfor particulate matter and discoloration prior to administration,whenever solution and container permit.Instructions For Use:Tear outer wrap at notch and remove solutioncontainer. If supplemental medication is desired, follow directionsbelow before preparing for administration. Some opacity of the plasticdue to moisture absorption during the sterilization process may beobserved. This is normal and does not affect the solution quality orsafety. The opacity will diminish gradually.To Add Medication1. Prepare additive port.2. Using aseptic technique and an additive deliveryneedle of appropriate length, puncture resealable additive port attarget area, inner diaphragm and inject. Withdraw needle after injecting3. The additive port may be protected by covering withan additive cap.4. Mix container contents thoroughly.Preparation for Administration(Use aseptic technique)1. Close flow control clamp of administration set.2. Remove cover from outlet port at bottom of container.3. Insert piercing pin of administration set into portwith a twisting motion until the set is firmly seated.NOTE: See full directions on administration set carton.4. Suspend container from hanger.5. Squeeze and release drip chamber to establish properfluid level in chamber.6. Open flow control clamp and clear air from set. Close7. Attach set to venipuncture device. If device is notindwelling, prime and make venipuncture.8. Regulate rate of administration with flow controlWhen ready for use, remove from over wrap. Inspect forminute leaks by squeezing container firmly. If leaks are found, discard,as sterility may be impaired. Protect from freezing and excessive heat.Store at controlled room temperature.IMPORTANT: CONTAINS NO PRESERVATIVE.SINGLE DOSE. DISPOSE OF UNUSED CONTENTS.WARNING: DO NOT USE FLEXIBLE CONTAINERIN SERIES CONNECTIONS.Protect from freezing and excessive heat(any temperature above 40°C / 104°F). Store at controlled roomtemperature. (15° to 30°C / 59° to 86°F).Keep Out of Reach of ChildrenFederal law restricts this drugto use by or on the order of a licensed veterinarianFlexible plastic bag of 1000 ml. Contains no preservatives.Vetivex Veterinary Lactated Ringer's Injection, USPDechra Veterinary Products wolfSSL has a new C# wrapper, allowing use of the wolfSSL embedded SSL/TLS library in a C# project. This will let users take advantage of the low footprint size of wolfSSL in IoT spaces that use the .NET framework. A Visual Studio project, along with server examples can be found in the directory “/wrapper/CSharp/”.The wolfSSL C# wrapper is included in versions of wolfSSL beginning with 3.8.0. To download wolfSSL, visit the download page. More information about the wrapper and documentation can be found at the following links:For more info about using C# with wolfSSL, contact us at firstname.lastname@example.org. US Government Restricts Research on Foetal TissueThe US government has ended medical research funding for all scientists using foetal tissue, and cancelled a multi million-dollar contract for a laboratory at the University of California at San Francisco, which required the material to test new HIV therapies. According to a White House spokesperson, the decision was taken by President Trump himself.The policy has been heralded as a victory for anti-abortion activists, though scientists argue the tissue collected from elective abortions is vital for understanding diseases ranging from AIDS to Zika.Larry Goldstein, professor at the University of California, called the policy “nonsensical”: “Valuable research that is directed at helping to develop therapies for terrible diseases will be stopped. And tissue that would be used will be thrown out instead.”According to the government, no other foetal tissue research funding by non-governmental laboratories would be interrupted. Applications for government support in the future will be subject to review by an ethics board.Researchers at NIH, which funds most foetal tissue research in the US, will be able to continue their research until tissue supply runs out. While no alternatives to human tissue have apparently proven as useful, newer methods such as use of newborn infants’ thymus tissue take from heart surgeries appear promising. This logo was cut by the client. It was made for a retreat called "Draw Near" and the theme idea was "Jesus is the key." Hence me playing with the traditional chi-rho and replacing the X with keys. PS, a chi-rho is a monogram, a symbol for Jesus. Chi (X) and Rho (P) are the first two letters in the greek spelling of Christ. Luxurious, Premium Hair Services, Eco-Friendly Hair Products and MoreProfessional Hair SalonUnico Hair is passionate about providing excellent service with a highly skilled team that specialises in cutting, colouring and styling hair. Our colour specialists have a variety of skills and techniques that allow us to personalise each look to your individual needs.Unico Hair salons proudly use their very own range of eco-friendly, natural hair products: Unico Formulations. These high-performing, salon quality products are derived from pure plant ingredients and enriched with vitamins and essential oils.Professional Hair ServicesOur boutique hair salons, based in Fitzroy and Degraves Street in Melbourne have provided exceptional hair services for more than 28 years. Our talented team of hairdressers are cut and colour specialists and all work diligently to ensure all our clients receive the very best in creative hairdressing.Cut & Colour SpecialistsExperience the difference in quality and service at Unico Hair salons. Our talented team of cut and colour specialists bring years of experience, expertise and attention to detail. Building relationships based on trust and extraordinary hair services is at the heart of everything we do.Three Convenient LocationsOur stylish and professional hair salons are conveniently located in three locations: Melbourne and Fitzroy. Each salon is bursting with character and offers professional hair cutting, colouring and styling services to help you look and feel your best.Natural Hair Products – Made with Love in MelbourneOwned and made in Australia, Unico Formulations is a salon quality haircare product range designed for the harsh realities of an Australian climate. Each of the award-winning hair salons, located in Melbourne, Fitzroy and Kew East use products from the Unico Formulations range, which are also available to take home. Formulated with pure plant ingredients, essential oils and vital vitamins, Unico Formulations is suitable for all hair types, sensitive skin and even dermatitis. Natural, salon quality hair care has never been easier.Follow us onQuality is part of our promise to you at Unico Hair. We are passionate about our work and love connecting with our clients. Follow us on Instagram to keep up to date with the latest looks from all three of our salons on @unicohair Time after time we visit clubs and see functional training rigs installed right in the middle of the gym floor. If you have the luxury of space then that’s great but more often than not rigs are surrounded with other equipment and offer no real space for members to workout effectively or safely.As well as the obvious safety issues, rigs like this are dominant feature of the gym floor and quite often become an intimidating piece of equipment for members. This doesn’t have to be the case, and if you’re prepared to think outside the box and invest a little more up front then the end result could and should be more rewarding for you and for your members.In recent years we’ve developed rigs of all different shapes and sizes to use the available space as effectively as possible. It’s not just about utilising space in the best possible way. Bespoke or modular rigs like Tesseract give you the opportunity to develop a rig that will allow you to support the exercise programmes that you want to run in your gym and for the class sizes that you want to offer. For example if you want to offer suspension training five times a week for a class size of up to eight people, then you can make sure that your rig will support this objective.On the other hand, if you have a very limited amount of space but still want to offer a piece of equipment that will support chin ups, dips and some resistance band training then that’s also possible. You can even have the metal work customised so that it matches with the gym interior or your corporate colours.Bespoke design can also be extended out to storage and you don’t have to incorporate the storage of functional training accessories into the rig itself. Specialist functional storage solutions like our Tesseract storage product enable gyms to safely store accessories and make it easier for members to find the equipment that they want to use. Storage units can be customised to include the shelving options that best suit your inventory and can be located against walls, in corners and around pillars to get the best out of your space.The possibilities are endless and the results are functional training rigs and spaces that are actually functional. So what are you waiting for?Images: Places for People Tooting - before & after Actress Bangs Garcia is now engaged to Filipino-British non-showbiz boyfriend Lloyd Birchmore. She revealed Saturday through a post on Instagram.The 28-year-old posted a video of Birchmore proposing to her in Boracay and captioned it as, “Yes baby ko. I will spend the rest of my life with you. GOD gave me the best indeed.”She also shared a poem on Instagram titled “Sweet Horizon.”In one of her interviews, Garcia revealed to have met her boyfriend a year ago.The two became a couple in March 2014. Back Yard Patio Door Brown Trimmed Windows Brick Home Outdoor Kitchen Ceiling Fan Arched Openings Redwood Fence Stainless SteelFabulous traditional patio back yard with patio door and brown trimmed windows with brick home. Patio outdoor kitchen features ceiling fan with arched openings paired redwood fence. Patio stainless steel.Source : website Externalizing behaviors in preadolescents: familial risk, prenatal and perinatal risk factors, and their interactionsBackground. Accumulating evidence suggests that there is a rich and varied interplay between persons and their environments, which strongly suggests that this involves gene-environment correlations and interactions. We investigated whether familial risk (FR) to externalizing problems and prenatal and perinatal risk factors, separately or in interaction with each other, predicted externalizing behaviors. Methods. The subjects were 10- to 12-year-old preadolescents who were taking part in TRAILS, a large prospective population-based cohort study (N=2230). Regression analyses were used to determine the relative contribution of FR and prenatal and perinatal risks to parent and teacher ratings of inattention, aggression, and delinquency. Results. Regression models explained between 6 and 11% of the variance of externalizing behaviors. We found main effects of FR (vs. no FR), macrosomia (birth weight >4500g), maternal prenatal smoking (MPS), pregnancy and delivery complications (PDCs), and gender that were rather consistent across rater and outcome measures. For some outcome measures, the effect of MPS and PDCs depended on the presence of FR. These included both positive and negative interaction effects. Correlations between FR and prenatal and perinatal risks were significant but rather low. Conclusions. Both main effects and interaction effects of FR and prenatal and perinatal risks contribute to externalizing behaviors in preadolescents, but all effects were of small size. Further research including use of candidate gene polymorphisms is necessary to identify the underlying neurobiological mechanisms of these main and interaction effects. Frisco, Texas — Three people, including a McKinney TX police Officer, have been hospitalized following a Wednesday night (12/11/2013) car accident.According to officials, the accident happened at around 11:30 p.m. while the officer was in route to a domestic violence call. The officer was driving his police cruiser southbound on Custer Road when he collided with a silver Honda just south of Eldorado Parkway in Frisco.Early reports say the the Honda pulled out from a parking lot, and into the path of the police cruiser. Witnesses have reported that the police cruiser did have its lights on. At this point, the accident is still under investigation and the officer’s dash camera footage needs to be reviewed in order to get a more-complete picture of what happened.The two occupants of the Honda were transported by ambulance to a Frisco hospital, while the police officer was airlifted to a hospital in McKinney. All are expected to recover. Sorry, this deal has expired. Here are some other Non Tech deals:Gap - Extra 50% Off Sale ItemsGap - Extra 50% Off Sale Items using Promo Code: FIFTY Expires 3/22/2018 - Discount is applied at checkout. Does not stack with the 20% listed on their website. Free Shipping $50, else $7. Free returns.ColdControl Lite Puffer Jacket $36 after code. ($120) In True BlackTrue Wash Poplin pinstripe standard fit shirt $12.50 after code.- Sales tax in: Most States- Report ErrorPost by: Team DealRUSShare Deal:Gap Coupon Codes, Printable coupons, and Promo Codes9 Coupon Codes AvailableStarting 8/20: Up to 50% off Almost Everything. Restrictions apply. Ends 8/26. 50% Off: Offer valid from Aug 20, 2019 at 12:01am PT to Aug 26, 2019 at 11:59pm PT at gapfactory.com, Gap Outlet, Gap Outlet Kids & Baby, and Gap Factory stores in the US (including Puerto Rico). Not valid on non-Factory merchandise, in Canada, or in the Erlanger clearance center. Prices as marked. In stores: discount taken at register.Never Miss a Deal!Sign up to get more Coupons and Deals What happens when a property expert and an interior designer go shopping for a new home? Well, chances are, they find a great property in a prime location, and tackle a bit of a project. Do you know of any interior designers who wouldn’t want to transform their own home? No, me neither.Steven Currie is a director of Murray & Currie, which he launched in June 2008 with business partner Richard Murray, and the company specializes in residential property sales, management and investments, so needless to say Steven knows a great property when he sees one. Abbey works with the Edinburgh-based interior design practice Ian Smith Design – Ian’s own home was featured on the Files back in March – so she was keen to put her own stamp on a place.The couple picked up the keys to this four bedroom main door garden flat in Edinburgh’s Stockbridge area just a week before they were married in September 2011, and tackled a redesign project that was completed in time for Christmas last year. I caught up with Abbey and Steven to discuss the process, and to ask what it was that set this property apart from the many others they had considered.Why this flat, and why this area?Steven: I remember when I was younger looking at streets in Stockbridge and Edinburgh’s New Town and West End thinking, ‘One day…’ I think you have to set locations and houses to aspire to which drives you on in business. We had looked at a number of properties before we came here, and had almost reached that stage of buying something for the sake of it as we were fed up looking, but this was the place we walked into and went, wow.Abbey: We enjoy having friends around and wanted to have space to entertain, and this flat gave us that space. That was one of the things that first struck us: the size of the flat, as it’s bigger than you might expect from outside and has really high ceilings, which again you might not expect from a garden flat. And there was just so much potential. The previous owners had a family and both the dining room and the smaller of the bedrooms were decorated as kids’ rooms, so it was exciting thinking what those spaces could become.How did you go about the redesign process?Steven: The key thing when we first moved in was to get the main bedroom, the kitchen and the living room looking nice. I knew if we could be comfortable in the three rooms that we use the most, then we could just close the doors to the others and take our time.Abbey: We didn’t want to look back and regret decisions we’d made. Saying that, we did redecorate two of the rooms twice – both rooms had feature walls first time round and they weren’t quite right. When we moved in, the décor was very plain with painted walls, whereas I wanted to bring in textures with the wallpapers. I’m quite a gut person, and with every wallpaper I chose here I saw the design and loved it straight away. Although some of the patterns are large scale, I’ve used a lot of neutrals on the walls, and then added colour with the lighting and accessories.The wallcoverings have real impact – who are they by?Abbey: I used Nobilis grey oak panel wallpaper in the living room, which was hung horizontally. It’s a big space and this has added a lot of warmth. The master bedroom has Vivienne Westwood’s Squiggle print for Cole & Son, while the front guest room has Carl Gustaf striped wallpaper by Sandberg, again used horizontally. The kitchen features Savine by Designers Guild, and the dining room has the Etosha print by Thibaut, which is quite dramatic.The hallway was really transformed. The hall originally had a wooden floor and painted walls, so I chose a sisal carpet and a Colony Raffia wallcovering by Thibaut. It’s brought the whole flat together as before this space was very echo-y, whereas now the textured walls and floor have made it feel really cozy.Did the flat need any fundamental upgrading, like new electrics or plumbing?Steven: No, the previous owners had done quite a lot of work as this has been a student flat before they bought it, so they invested in redoing the bathrooms and the kitchen, and they installed the French doors leading out to the courtyard garden from the kitchen. The main bathroom is fitted out with Fired Earth so we just freshened that space up with paint.How did you redesign the en-suites?Abbey: We opted for large profile tiles with natural finishes and texture. I like natural slate, and we had already had the bespoke headboard made for our bedroom, which was upholstered by Ian Smith Design in a dark grey fabric, so I thought a nice charcoal-hued slate tile would work well in our en-suite, with Travertine in the guest en-suite.What about the dining-kitchen? It’s always a crucial space to get right in any home.Abbey: The existing units were relatively new and they were good quality, but they were timber and with wood on the floor as well the room felt dark, so we wanted to make the space lighter and brighter.Steven: We took the doors off and had them spray-painted by Tempus 4, which was a big job but it’s like having a brand new kitchen. And we removed the tiled splashback and added the stainless steel panels and the wallpaper. Lightening the cabinets just transformed the space.Is there any part of the flat that’s really exceeded your expectations?Abbey: The dining room, which is the last space we completed and we haven’t had the chance to use it much yet, but everyone walks in and says, wow! The circular table was made by Tempus 4 – it combines a timber top with a base made from a sheet of mild steel which was rolled and painted bronze. We spent a few months finding chairs to go with it. I like statement pieces. When the walls are neutral, having a big lampshade in a bright colour makes it quite special.What have you learned from this project that will influence whatever you tackle next?Steven: When we moved here we happily shut off part of the flat and assessed which rooms were important and focused on those, and we’ll do the same with the next house.Abbey: This project has proven the value of taking time. It’s important to take time and match things and make sure the space flows properly.2A St Bernard’s Crescent was marketed by Murray & Currie.Photography by Square Foot Media. 5 months agoThis story happened to a California teacher who gave quite an unusual assignment to students. He promised an automatic A+ to any student who can bring Katy Perry to the classroom. And here is what the Typical Student team will tell you about!Who Is This Teacher?His name is Brian Kwan and he is a high school government teacher at Anaheim Discovery Christian School in California. By tradition, every year Brian gives a special assignment to his students. And here is what he choose this time."Any student that can bring Katy Perry to this school and have her talk to me, you get an automatic A+ for my class; a video of her talking and saying my name (shout-out) get [sic] you an automatic B+."Kwan has been teaching at the school for five years. He says that the assignment is a complete joke and a way to "relate" to his young students."I thought, 'What kind of an assignment that can get them to laugh but at the same time have a shot at it — be it a long shot?'" he said. "I am a fan of her music and totally enjoyed her Teenage Dream album, along with her Prism album. It was then that I was inspired to create this assignment and have the students at least know I have heard of her."Keep up with the Typical Student daily email In “Dear Wit: Letters from the World’s Wits” (Prentice Hall), H. Jack Lang gives us a treasury of written wit collected over 50 years.Wit is not easily defined, but James Thurber came close when he observed that “The wit makes fun of other persons; the satirist makes fun of the world; the humorist makes fun of himself.”In his introduction, Lang notes that wit is often caustic--it has a victim; but it may also be wise and even gentle. He offers examples of all kinds.I quote from the book without attention to categories, but mostly I have sought out the briefest forms. As someone has said, brevity is the soul of wit.Perhaps I favor the shafts that have victims. George Bernard Shaw once received this invitation from Winston Churchill’s mother: “Lady Randolph Churchill will be home on Thursday afternoon, next, at four o’clock. RSVP.” To which Shaw replied: “So will George Bernard Shaw.”But the devilish Shaw was outwitted by actress Cornelia Otis Skinner in this exchange after the New York opening of Shaw’s “Candida,” in which she played the lead. Shaw cabled: “Excellent, greatest!” She replied: “Undeserving such praise.” Shaw answered: “Meant the play.” She shot back: “So did I.”A professor at Western Reserve University asked Bertrand Russell to fill out a long and personal questionnaire. Russell replied: “If this is a specimen of Western reserve, God spare me from Western impudence.”A young woman who had submitted some of her short stories to Somerset Maugham for criticism asked him, “Do you think I should put more fire in my stories?” He answered. “No. Vice versa.”Winston Churchill was irrepressible. At a dinner he asked his American hostess, “May I have a breast?” She explained that in America one asked either for white meat or dark meat. The next day Churchill sent her an orchid with this note: “I would be most obliged if you would pin this on your white meat.”The science fiction writer Arthur C. Clarke received a cable from William Randolph Hearst: “Is there life on Mars? Cable thousand words.” Clarke cabled back: “Nobody knows. Repeat 500 times.”When a female admirer asked the playwright Richard Sheridan to explain the essential difference between men and women, he answered: “I cannot conceive.”One of my favorites is Cary Grant’s answer to a cable from an anonymous magazine editor asking “How old Cary Grant?” Grant replied: “Old Cary Grant fine. How you?”Another movie classic is Groucho Marx’s reply to an invitation to join a private club: “I do not wish to belong to the kind of club that accepts people like me as members.”When a young woman asked Abigail Van Buren if birth control pills were tax-deductible, Dear Abby replied: “Only if they don’t work.”After an accident in which she lost a leg, the divine Sarah Bernhardt received this cable: “We offer you 100,000 dollars to exhibit your leg at our Exposition in Buffalo.” To which she answered: “Which one?”An admirer of Sinclair Lewis wrote the famous writer, asking for a job as his secretary, and promising to “do everything for you--and when I say everything I mean everything.” Lewis’ wife, the redoubtable Dorothy Thompson, answered: “My husband already has a stenographer who handles his work for him. And, as for ‘everything,’ I take care of that myself--and when I say everything I mean everything.”Successful authors often receive manuscripts from unpublished writers, asking for their criticism. Samuel Johnson once advised one young man: “Your work is both good and original. But the part that is good is not original. And the part that is original is not good.”The British statesman Benjamin Disraeli had a standard answer to all such appeals: “Many thanks. I shall lose no time reading it.”The French playwright Georges Courteline received a crude note from an impudent young writer demanding satisfaction for a minor insult. The note was filled with misspelled words. Courteline replied: “As I am the offended party, the choice of weapons is mine. We shall fight with orthography. You are already dead.”Will Rogers starred in the Ziegfeld Follies during World War I. A young woman wrote him: “Why aren’t you in the Army?” Rogers replied: “For the same reason, Madam, that you aren’t in the Follies--physical disabilities.”Actress Ilka Chase’s marriage to actor Louis Calhern ended after six months. He soon remarried, and Ilka sent the new bride a box of unused calling cards, engraved “Mrs. Louis Calhern,” with this note: “Hope these reach you in time.”Perhaps it is not wit, but the most charming line in the collection is in a very brief essay written by Maria Taft, daughter of William Howard Taft III, in response to her teacher’s request for a brief family history.Maria wrote: “My great-grandfather was President of the United States. My grandfather was Senator from Ohio. My father is Ambassador to Ireland. I am a Brownie.” A place to be thankful.The history of Schoenstatt is marked by simple events, but of deep significance, from which a movement of grace, life and ideas has been born. It was born at the beginning of the last century in the place called Schoenstatt, which means "beautiful place", next to the village of Vallendar on the Rhine, Germany. Its founder was Father José Kentenich.History in México begins with an alliance around 1973, when the first Sisters of Mary arrived in Mexico City and, together with Father José Manuel Pérez, they founded the first groups.The Schoenstatt Shrine in Querétaro was the first in México. It was built in 1980 and from there it spread throughout the Republic. Currently, there are Sanctuaries in San Luis Potosí, Monterrey, Ciudad Jiménez and Chilapa. Each Shrine has its own history and with it a wealth of life and a stream of divine graces that make it special.In the same way, each Sanctuary has its name and with it an ideal for which the corresponding Schoenstatt Family strives and unites. The name of the Sanctuary of Querétaro is: Mary, Mother and Queen, Faithful Heart of the Church, name under which they believe and work in their mission to maintain and reconquer fidelity to the Catholic Church.Wednesday to Friday at 8:00 h.Saturday at 12:30 h.Sunday at 10:00 and 12:30 h.Monday to Sunday from 8:00 a.m. to 8:00 p.m. Many revere Lorraine Jordan as the keeper of tradition in bluegrass music. She originally hailed from the coast of North Carolina but currently resides in Garner, NC, which is just outside of Raleigh, NC. She holds court in her namesake coffee shop/music venue, Lorraine’s Coffee House, when she is not out on the road with her band, Carolina Road. She is a talented performer, songwriter, emcee and show organizer who has received many honors from both the IBMA and SPBGMA for her songwriting and musical performance. We caught up with Lorraine a few days ago and interrupted her busy day to learn a bit about her current musical involvement.To begin, we acknowledged her longevity in bluegrass music and asked her to give us the Reader’s Digest® version of her music and a snapshot of her career. Ms. Jordan said, “I’ve been playing bluegrass music for about 40 years and I’ve fronted my own band, Lorraine Jordan & Carolina Road, for about 18 years.” She, continued, “We are a traditional bluegrass band and are hard driving all the way; however, in 2016 we did a CD called Country Grass. That was a very special project. We got some classic country artists to sing their songs and we were the backup band and harmony singers. We’re back to traditional grass since then.”Keepin’ It RealTraditional music is important to Ms. Jordan and, she has involved herself in several preservation projects trying to keep that old sound alive. I asked her to expound upon that idea a bit. Here is what she told us, “Right now, I see a trend where people are calling whatever they are playing bluegrass no matter whether it includes electric banjos or added guitars or whatever. Someone at a festival wanted to know which type of bluegrass we play—did we play traditional or contemporary style. I replied no, we just play Bluegrass. You do not need to attach a label to bluegrass because when you play bluegrass, it is traditional. I’m not saying bluegrass can’t have a little flavor but it needs to stay with the core instruments like the guitar, banjo, fiddle, mandolin, and bass. We don’t need anything much past that.”She and her band have a new single to be released by Pinecastle Records on April 6th titled “True Grass”. Ms. Jordan said, “This song was written by David Stewart who co-writes with Eddie Raven. The song talks about why can’t bluegrass just stay true grass. We think people who want to hear the music like it once was will really like it.”The single is from an up-coming album that will release on Pinecastle Records sometime around mid-summer. This new CD is titled True Grass Again. Loraine said, “It is going to feature some big hitters.” The new album features two well known singers in the traditional style—Junior Sisk and Danny Paisley. Also, back in time to sing the last song on the album is Tommy Long, who has been on medical leave recovering from throat cancer. While Tommy was out on medical leave, Jerry Butler, Brad Hudson and Troy Pope filled in for him, and each of these singers are featured on this new CD as well. Lorraine also told us that she wanted some good high baritone singing that is popular in traditional bluegrass so she brought in Randy Gramm to sing a few songs and also sing the harmony parts with her. While the CD features songs by other songwriters, some six or seven of the songs included were penned by Ms. Jordan herself, many that she had not previously recorded.We asked about Tommy Long’s recovery, and Lorraine said that he is now back full time with Carolina Road and is singing better than ever. Lorraine commented, “When you hear Tommy sing “True Grass Again” on this new CD, you will say, ’Wow’. His voice is now so powerful and pure.” Fortnite: Love it or hate it, you can’t get away from it and it has really taken the world by storm. And now Epic Games are completing revolutionising the game by introducing Fortnite Creative, showing the endless opportunities of Fortnite in a brand new light.Starting tomorrow (6th December 2018) with the release of Season 7 of the Battle Royale portion of the game, Fortnite Creative on Xbox One, PS4, Switch, PC and all manner of other formats allows players to build their own worlds and invite friends to join in the fun. Whether you wish to build breathtaking structures, exciting competitive minigames or just want to mess about with friends, all your builds will be saved on your own ‘island’, so you can revisit a certain island at any point and resume your work. Initially, there are 4 islands to play with, so don’t worry about having to stick to just one!The potential is quite literally endless, and hopefully in the future Epic Games’ aim is to open up global servers so anyone and everyone can join in on the most popular games and view the most spectacular builds. Present are most of the weapons, vehicles and consumables from the Battle Royale game, as well as brand new items for maximum creativity.So – when can you start building? Well, for all owners of the Season 7 Battle Royale Battle Pass you can start making worlds from 6th Dec, and for the rest of the community the fun will begin come December 13th. However all players, regardless of Battle Pass status, will be able to be invited to worlds from the very start.For a while now Fortnite has catered for pretty much everyone, from the solo-gamer in the Save the World mode to the online player in the ridiculously popular Battle Royale. But now Fortnite has really opened up its doors for everyone and everything. Call it Minecraft 2.0 if you want but we are really not complaining about the chance to let our creative minds, and competitive passions, run free!If you wish to get involved in Fortnite Creative on Xbox One (or other formats), then Fortnite is available right now on Xbox One, PS4, Nintendo Switch, PC, iOS and Android. Come to Get Best Modern Computer Desk For Your OfficeModern computer desk most jobs require a lot of people to sit at a computer desk all day. Create a daily report, a letter of accountability, circulars, etc. are some examples of the few activities of the workers in the office. Companies in fact demand maximum performance from their employees. To produce a good performance is certainly considerable influence many aspects, one of which is office facilities and infrastructure. Computers, office chair or a modern computer desk office facilities that are part of the infrastructure that is able to support the activities of the office workers. Similarly most of the day they spend time in front of computer desk. The workers certainly need peace and comfort in every activity works.Imagine for example, if you work with a computer desk conditions are already fragile. Feelings of anxiety would haunt for computer table can collapse at any time, and a fax machine, printer or other goods will also fall. Other conditions such as the size of the table is the amount disproportionate to the great room also able to inhibit the activity of the workers in the office. It’s the little things that we usually ignore can be a big problem if we do not take very wisely.Have you thought to look for modern computer desks are comfortable and fit the needs of your office? When the time comes to renew your office computer table, either because the condition is already fragile and the desire to have a new computer desk, you might be tempted to just browse through several pages online and sorting table whichever you prefer. Keep in mind that choosing a computer desk would be nice not only in terms of the model or design only, but of its usefulness, and the proportion with your work space.In reality, some of us may exist who do not know that there are several types of computer desks are available with various models and their respective functions. So it makes sense if you want to do a search prior to selecting the best office supplies for your office. If you’re doing a search on the internet for fun, there are many types of computer desks and other office furniture, furniture with all the unique and elegant design that can be used as a reference for you. However, it is good also if you are still looking for an office desk work best for your convenience.Modern computer desk is one of the furniture is very important for us who work daily in front of a computer / laptop, for one day at the computer it is not good for health. Most people neglect their health for the sake of choosing not to use this computer desk for their work and choose Lesbian. Actually, for her own health stared at the screen long enough and it is done every day more good we do is in an ideal place, in order to avoid the diseases that attack.Not only modern, but also minimalistMinimalist computer desks for now this is very much the kind of wood, particle board, metal, plastic and more. With the many models of computer desks are there today already can be found at the nearest furniture store. In general, a computer desk has a height 76 cm ideal for an adult in order to feel comfortable when typing or otherwise. For those who work at home using a computer / laptop try using the model table for the body to keep it healthy. For you who want to find a model computer table here I will give to you who need it may be useful following a model example of a minimalist computer desk.To model computer table above using two different materials, with the latest make a minimalist model computer table looks elegant and charming. Model minimalist computer desk with a height of 76 cm it is ideal when used for adults and will certainly allow us to work in front of the monitor. For the image above uses material particle board and iron are grounded glass. For this model of particle board itself is very much a model of its shape makes high demand for this type of weakness to particle board material is susceptible to water, keep it away from humid areas. Besides two materials it is also vulnerable if we often move a minimalist computer desk made from particle board, because the material that is in use only sawdust and not too strong.Minimalist modern computer desk with metal material is a little unique to the model shape, not too many eating places and simple. Model computer table ferrous materials many of which use glass base, so we need to be extra careful when using the table with this model.If you want high productivity for a side job, especially the work carried out using sophisticated equipment, you must use the appropriate table. Benefits of a computer like it very much, among others: Fit Technology Current, special modern computer desk type of good quality definitely made according to the demands of the times. It is quite clear that the special place that made this time would correspond to current technology.In recent years, many people still use the old wooden table in order to place their computers, which certainly would not be optimal to support the work. With modern computers container, your productivity will be much better. Computer desk old must be a regular table with chairs perfunctory and it was very uncomfortable if continuously used or used in a long time. Points of quality computer made based on the needs of today’s technology which is always connected to the Internet. The seats are also adapted to the shape of our bodies.Modern computer desk usually has a multilevel surface. Perhaps the greatest feature of the qualified special place is that the tables are definitely some surface where provided for your other components. Each level has its own function. There is to monitor, on the keyboard, there’s a printer, some are for power supply and operate it so that when you will feel comfortable.Category : Computer DeskPosted by BettyeLabel : minimalist computer desk, modern computer desk, TEMPE, Ariz. – With four of the team's five runners in their first year at Georgia College, the Bobcat men's cross country team took a trip across the country to run Friday night, taking third at the ASU Invitational hosted by Arizona State University.Junior Tyler Mattix (Snellville, Ga.) paced the Bobcats for the second time this season, finishing 28th overall in 16:27. Freshman Zack Robinson (Snellville, Ga.) was one slot and three seconds behind Mattix.Freshman Philip Laskey (Marietta, Ga.) crossed the line in 16:40, taking 33rd, while senior Tim Cary (Monroe, Ga.) was 42nd in 17:16. Another rookie Tucker Forbes (Lilburn, Ga.) was 50th of the 75 runners, finishing in 17:39.The University of Arizona won the team title with 18 points, while Division II Western New Mexico University was second with 95, narrowly edging the Bobcats' 97. Among the four teams the Bobcats beat were Division II Grand Canyon University and the NAIA's Southwestern College. Arizona's Mo Ige won the individual title in 14:28.The Bobcats are back in action Saturday, Oct. 16 at the Young Harris Invitational.The Georgia College Department of Athletics, back-to-back winners of the PBC Commissioner's Cup, sponsors 10 varsity athletic programs at the NCAA Division II level. As a Division II program, Bobcat Athletics prides itself on balancing the life of the student-athlete, evidenced by the teams' multiple appearances in post-season competition as well as documented academic success and community-service involvement. Sign up at www.twitter.com/GCSUBobcats for up-to-the-minute reports, and visit www.GCSUBobcats.com for more information, and to nominate your favorite former Bobcats and Colonials to the GCSU Athletics Hall of Fame. - TMTA membership is required for trail access due to insurance needs.- Annual Individual/Family Membership is $35 a year.Please visit Facebook/Tehachapi Mountain Trails Assoc for membership information.- Hiking and Biking Allowed On Marked Trails Only!- The Restricted Area on this Map involve Lehigh Quarry activities. These involvethe use of heavy equipment and the quarry areas are dangerous,For your own Safety and to avoid arrest for trespassing. Please, Stay Out!- Non-motorized vehicle access only.- If you’re on a bike, Helmets are required.- Be respectful of the trails and to other trail users.Be safe, have fun and enjoy Football has come a long way from the kickabouts where it started. It has grown into a multibillion-pound industry watched by millions around the world. Not bad for a game that just involved people kicking a pig’s bladder about a field or street. As the game developed there was soon a need to step up the organization and the first clubs started to emerge. You can bet these football pioneers would have jumped at the chance of some Football Training drill Videos not they had the internet in the nineteenth century.And it is to the eighteen hundreds that we have to go to find not only England’s oldest club but the worlds. It is Notts County who hold the honor of being the very first football club. Playing in black and white Stripes, as they still do today they earned the nickname the Magpies but they are more commonly just known as Notts or Pies. They began in 1862 and have experienced pretty much all it is to be a football club from being in all four divisions to winning the FA Cup at least once. They have been up and down the leagues plus even out of it and suffered financial hardships on several occasions. Amazingly they have survived even providing the kit colors for a team that has had a bit more success Juventus.Following closely behind is the Stoke Ramblers, or Stoke City as they became, being formed in 1863. Like Notts, they have only one major trophy to their name the league Cup in 1972 and have also yo-yoed their way through the leagues. The there most famous player is Stanley Matthews who is a giant of the game in the 30’s and 40’s and the club have been considered a top club even if they haven’t been able to match the history.Just down the road from Notts County is Nottingham Forest or just plain old Forest. Formed in 1865 they of all these clubs have tasted the success of a First Division win in 1977 where they were led by one of the greatest managerial duos ever Brian Clough and Peter Taylor. They also guided the team to two European back to back cup victories and the FA Cup twice, though never under Clough who had won them everything else including the European Super Cup.Finally, we have Sheffield Wednesday, older then there great rival Sheffield United, being founded in 1967. They are so called as they only played on Wednesdays as this was the day off for the players and they could only make it then. The Club now plays on Saturdays with the rest of the teams in the league. They too have yo-yoed there way through the leagues but they have tasted cup success by winning the First Division four times and the FA Cup three times. They are the best domestically of the originals. First, it is cheaper than the price. The francs in the market are cheaper to cast, and the next is pure forging.Secondly, destructive tests are made to separate flanges. The cast flanges have trachoma and the pure forged ones do not. Sometimes the cast-forged flanges have cracks.Third, from the flange tolerance and surface finish, the forged flange will generally have a negative tolerance of 1-5mm, edge chamfering irregular, a burr in the hole is not smooth, and forged flange tolerance is smaller.Purchase of carbon steel flange, according to its use environment to select, not only greedy price but to use as a prerequisite. Just a few kilometers from Aristi Mountain Resort and Villas, the winery Glinavos initiates you into the magical world of wine. Enjoy an atmospheric stroll through the alluring world of wine, the history of the winery and the wine-making process. Visit us and enjoy the wine tasting that we will organize especially for you.The tour sets off from the vineyards, so that the visitors get the chance to have a direct introduction of unique grape varieties and also to get a first taste of the natural beauties of the land. The winery comes next, where we guide the visitor through the wine-making areas, the aging caves (cellars), the bottling facility and finally to the wine-tasting salon where the guests taste the wines and our traditional delicacies.Visit us and enjoy the wine tasting that we will organize especially for you. Perkins Eastman, an international architecture and design firm headquartered in New York City, specializes in progressive and innovative design, as well as programming, planning and consulting services. As the firm grew, its messaging solution required more maintenance and costly storage. Perkins Eastman decided to transition to Microsoft Office 365 cloud-based services for messaging and communications. This upgrade helped employees improve their productivity, while it increased efficiency and reduced costs. At Perkins Eastman, mobile employees will no longer have to worry about VPN connections or remembering additional logon information. This week we’re featuring the Delaware hard rock band Awake At Last in Meet The Band. Their full-length debut album is The Change. Vocalist Vincent Torres introduces us to his band.Chad Bowar: Give us a brief history of Awake At Last.Vincent Torres: Awake At Last was formed in 2011 by Eric Blackway and I. We had played in different bands within the scene and we eventually began taking it really seriously once we got a solid lineup. We’ve always stood for positivity and overcoming obstacles like mental health, and chasing dreams no matter the cost. We’ve been a touring act for about four and a half years, and it’s been an absolute blast so far.Describe the songwriting process for The Change.The Change was really interesting because it was our first time going into a studio with song writers and producers that really got involved with the music. We recorded the record in Greensboro, N.C. with Kile Odell and Josh Landry. There was some push and pull during the song writing process, but I think all the compromises we made ended up creating an amazing album and we are very proud of it and can’t wait for people to hear it.What will be your strongest memory of the recording of the album?I’d have to say my favorite part was hearing everything all the way through for the first time. It’s a concept record, so it was awesome to see the story fully unfold. Although there were moments where it was a bummer because we were in a business park part of town and living out of our bus at the time. We didn’t have all the basic necessities of life.How would you characterize its style/sound?We’ve always strived to create an original theatrical sound with our music. We use heavy instrumentation and huge drums to kind of represent the struggles we sing about and we try to have the vocals soar over everything to provide the healing hand on the souls of our listeners to continue to endure and move forward.What lyrical subjects do you cover?Awake At Last has always written about life cycles, and the human consciousness and how that has changed throughout the years as we’ve been progressing. All of the EPs are connected to each other and each represents a different era in my life and the lessons I learned as they happened. We cover everything from mental health awareness to heartbreak and enduring the storm when life decides to change up on you. We have always stood for positivity, and even slide in little hints towards the law of attraction and making the change in your life to change your circumstances and find something more fulfilling for the soul.How did you come to sign with Outerloop Records?Signing with Outerloop was a bit of a surprise. We had crossed paths a few times during our career and eventually we were able to really sell them on the vision of what we wanted to accomplish and they were great in helping us execute it and setting us up with great producers to work with.What are your goals and expectations for the album?I think like many bands the main thing we want for this album is to really touch the hearts of our listeners and our fans, and be able to tour full time and become financially independent as a result. Most of all though I hope that the album becomes that voice in the back of our fans minds that urges them to pick up that paint brush, or finish that song they’ve been working on, or quit that job that’s been making them miserable. I really hope it resonates.What has been your most memorable Awake At Last live show?There have been some amazing shows we’ve played and it’s really hard to just pinpoint it down to one, but I think that when we played a sold out show opening up for Asking Alexandria that was a huge moment. There was a big festival we were on that got cancelled and the opportunity popped up to play for those fans anyway and it was one of the greatest shows we ever played.What are your upcoming show/tour plans?We are very busy with our tour schedule lately. As of right now I think we’re out on tour until well into late August early September, with even more opportunities opening up. The next tour we are on following the Lost Along The Way tour is with our friends Eyes Set To Kill and we’re very excited to continue progressing forward.How did you get started in music?Music was the first thing I did that was truly me. I was bullied heavily in high school, and I always tried to do what I thought people would accept. I struggled making friends and it wasn’t until I shrugged all of that off and finally decided to pursue music that I had made that change in my life. Once you make that choice and you move forward you start to find the people who really matter and I just haven’t stopped ever since.Who were your early influences and inspirations?I was always really into bands like AFI or My Chemical Romance, but I was also raised with bands like Journey, Santana, and I love the band Muse. Once I went to my first concert I knew it was what I wanted to do and I haven’t looked back since.What was the first rock/metal concert you attended?The first major concert I attended was called the Taste Of Chaos tour. It was in a huge stadium and all my favorite bands at the time seemed to be playing. I was way in the back in the seats but that didn’t diminish the experience for me at all. I was so inspired that it was at that moment I hit up my best friend Eric and told him I wanted to take it really seriously and pursue it as a career.What’s the best concert you’ve been to?I’m a huge fan of the band Nothing More and I loved seeing them and playing a few shows with them. Their performance was epic and I would say they were one of the tightest bands I’ve seen.How’s the heavy music scene in Delaware?Unfortunately there isn’t much of a hard rock scene in Delaware. A lot of venues are shutting down and it doesn’t seem to be improving much. I always joke that we are performing CPR on the music scene in Delaware for original music because it seems like it’s mostly just beach bands and cover acts that dominate the scene and see any income from it. That being said, our fans in Delaware are amazing and they carry the torch for us just like we do for them.What was the last thing you binge-watched?The last series I watched to its conclusion was Sabrina the Teenage Witch on Netflix. I dug the kinda darker Harry Potter vibe to it, but I haven’t had much time to watch much of anything lately because we’re on the road pretty frequently.What’s currently in your heavy musical rotation?I listen to a lot of Nothing More. I enjoy bands like Ice Nine Kills and DED as well. Although I must admit because i’m so active in the music scene I don’t listen to too many bands usually because I try not to be subconsciously influenced by them. I do love a good rock band when the mood strikes and It’s fun when I discover new ones that kick some ass.Anything else you’d like to mention or promote?I’d just like to mention that our debut full length record The Change came out on June 21st and is currently available on all major music platforms. This is the first full length record of our career and we are pushing it as hard as we can because in order to keep doing this we need it to do well. I hope the listeners find strength in the words and get something fulfilling when they listen to it. I’m also so thankful for our fans who have continued to help us chase our dreams. There’s no better time to join The Awakened and get involved with us because we plan on taking this as far as we possibly can and we want to take our core fans with us. Thank you so much for the opportunity to do this interview.(interview published June 22, 2019)Watch Awake At Last – “More Than Animals” Video contact Chris Wyatt at:Mob. 07929 071155Tel: 0208 270 7031Or use our online contact form.Or RML FAQ's click hereto become a member of RML and enjoy all the benefitsThis page keeps you in touch with all the RML news and events via our monthly newsletter BILLBOARDClick on the image below to view our latest issue via Dropboxif you would like a copy sent to your email directly please use our online contact form.We also show details, posters and flyers of other local music events -* see Local Gig Guide belowWeekly RML network sessions at the new venue The Cranbrook CentreSee How to find us how to get thereOther music related events posters and flyers please click on image to enlarge President Hu Jintao arrived at Phnom Penh on Friday to strengthen ties between the nations, just days before Cambodia hosts a regional summit.Leaders of the five-nation BRICS bloc have reached important consensus in a just-concluded summit here, the Chinese delegation said.President Hu Jintao will kick start his first overseas trip of the year on 26th this month, and, acting on the schedule released by China’s Foreign Ministry, he will attend the Nuclear Security Summit in Seoul from March 26 to 27, attend the fourth BRICS Summit in New Delhi from March 28 to 29 and pay a state visit to Cambodia from March 30 to April 2.His to-be trip draws tremendous public attention both at home and abroad. What issues do you think could make Top 5 in President’s portfolio on this trip?The upcoming visit of Chinese president Hu Jintao to Cambodia next week will build closer ties between the two countries, China and ASEAN as the visit is coincided with the 20th ASEAN Summit. [Full story]A more dynamic group of major emerging economies will not only strengthen cooperation among themselves, but also help promote global development and build a more constructive relationship between the developing and developed economies. [Full story]With the theme of strengthening the security of nuclear material and nuclear facilities, the Nuclear Security Summit in Seoul will place emphasis on promoting national strategy and international cooperation on nuclear security. [Full story] An outline of some of the projects I am working on:Improving forecast information for humanitarian crisesFunded by a NERC Innovation PlacementFunded by an LSE KEI grantClimate Science in the Boardroom (CIBR)Funded by NERC PURE.Funded by DECC, DEFRA, NERC and LWEC.AVOID 2 was a UK government funded climate change research programme involving a multi-disciplinary consortium of UK research organisations. The programme ran from February 2014 to March 2016, following on from the first AVOID programme (2009-2013). The programme provided scientifically-robust, policy-relevant answers to questions directly related to the Ultimate Objective of the UN Framework Convention on Climate Change (UNFCCC), which is to ‘prevent dangerous anthropogenic interference with the climate system’.Funded by DECC, the Climate-KIC, and NERC PURE Associates.The Global Calculator is a model of the world’s energy, land and food systems that allows users to explore the options for reducing global emissions to 2050, and to see the climate consequences of these choices to 2100. It is a free, interactive and open-source tool that helps you to understand the link between our lifestyle, the energy we use, and the consequences for our climate.Funded by three NERC Advanced Training grantsI organised and ran one workshop in 2013-14, three workshops in 2014-15 and one in 2017 for NERC-funded early-career researchers in environmental sciences, on the subject of Understanding Uncertainty in Environmental Modelling.Munich Re programmeFunded by Munich Re. Thinking about opening a smoothies retail business? We tell you what you need to know to get started.(article continues below)Proven Strategies for Smoothies Retail Company Business PlansIf you haven't written one before, a smoothies retail company business plan can be a frustrating business requirement. A robust business plan is essential nonetheless because it serves a number of purposes, not the least of which is the ability to influence lenders, investors and strategic partners.After you have written you plan, you'll also need to develop a strategy for your next steps.Business plan distribution is just as important as business plan creation. Generally, effective distribution models include the incorporation of tracking systems into the company's startup plan.Prior to launching a smoothies retail business in your town, it's a good idea to find out how strong the competition is. Try our link below to get a list of local competitors in your city. After clicking on the link, type in your city, state and zip code to get a list of smoothies retail businesses near you.If there's too much competition, it may be wise to consider starting the business in a less competitive marketplace.Finding a Non-Competitive Business MentorOnce you've finished assessing the competion, be sure to learn from folks who are already in business. If you think your local competitors will give you advice, you're being overoptimistic. Why would they want to educate a future competitor?However, a fellow entrepreneur who has started a smoothies retail business outside of your community will be much more likely to talk with you, once they realize that you are not going to directly compete with them in their community. In fact, they are often very willing to share startup advice with you. In my experience, you may have to call ten business owners in order to find one who is willing to share his wisdom with you.The key question new becomes: how to find an owner of a smoothies retail business that lives outside of your area?Simple. Let your fingers do the walking by using the link below.Branding Advantages of Buying a Smoothies Retail BusinessStartup smoothies retail businesses typically suffer when it comes to brand recognition because unlike entrenched competitors, new brands lack visibility and history with their customers.To compensate, one of the techniques entrepreneurs use is to buy a business to get an established brand. Even in ideal circumstances, it can take years to create an effective brand presence.However, a smoothies retail business acquisition can put you at the helm of a brand that is already highly trusted by your target market.Don't Rule Out FranchisingSucceeding in small business isn't easy. But it's even more difficult when your business is a startup.As an alternative, we advise would-be new business owners to consider the possibility of franchising. Franchise opportunities for smoothies retail businesses are readily available. Proven franchises give startup business owners access to a turnkey business concept. Instead of reinventing wheels, you can focus on growing your company.The link below will take you to Gaebler's juice bar and smoothie franchise directory where you can start exploring prospective franchisors for your startup.These additional resources regarding starting a business may be of interest to you.If you currently own a smoothies retail business, these resources will come in handy:If you sell to smoothies retail businesses, you're in the wrong place. These resources are more appropriate for you:If you are interested in starting a different kind of business, please browse our directory of guides below. Just finished my first dry run of my GFIRST 2012 talk, “Social Networking: The Next Weapon Against Bad Actors,” with co-presenters Dave Roberts and Jonathan Quigg. Basically solid, but needs the expected amount of polish to be conference-worthy.I just finished my presentation for the GFIRST 2012 Conference, which will be hosted by the Department of Homeland Security in Atlanta from August 19 – 24. I’m really looking forward to the conference.My talk, “The Apple Falls Down: Perspectives on Global Warming,” is now available on YouTube.Check it out!I’m proud to have been selected as the Area 45 Governor For Toastmasters District 29. This area covers the Ashburn and Dulles areas of Northern Virginia. It features four corporate clubs and two community clubs.Note: By the end of the Toastmasters year, which runs from July 1st to the following June 30th, I managed to achieve a level of “President’s Distinguished” for Area 45, which is the highest level achievable for an area within Toastmasters. Our reviewers have formally tested 95 appliances from more than 50 different brands. We’ve also completed informal testing on dozens more kitchen gadgets and home appliances. Based on roughly 10,000 hours of testing, as well as additional research, our pick for the best dryer is the.The Electrolux Front Load Perfect Steam Dryer with Predictive Dry and Instant Refresh is gentle on your clothes, while also offering germ-killing features and the ability to get rid of wrinkles and static. If the Electrolux EFME627UIW isn’t your ideal dryer and you’re looking for something a little bigger, smarter, or maybe something a little more affordable, we have you covered. We’ve also included our pick for the best large-capacity dryer, the best dual dryer, the best smart dryer, the best cheap dryer, and the most reliable dryer.At a glance- The best dryer: Electrolux EFME627UIW Front Load Perfect Steam Dryer with Predictive Dry and Instant Refresh- The best large-capacity dryer: Maytag MEDB955FC- The best dual dryer: Samsung FlexDry- The best smart dryer: LG Mega Capacity Steam Dryer- The best cheap dryer: Maytag MEDC465HW- The most reliable dryer: LG DLE7100WThe best dryer: Electrolux EFME627UIW Front Load Perfect Steam Dryer with Predictive Dry and Instant RefreshWhy we picked the Electrolux EFME627UIW:Though it may not have endless cycles, the Electrolux Front Load Perfect Steam Dryer with Predictive Dry and Instant Refresh has a lot of ways to dry your clothes — or just refresh, sanitize, or get them nearly allergen-free. Sometimes an overwhelming amount of cycles isn’t a good thing; lots of people just stick to “normal” and vary the temperature based on what they’re drying. But this Electrolux has some you’ll want to pay attention to, like allergen (which cranks up the heat to kill dust mites), 15-minute fast dry (for small loads), and instant refresh (which airs out clothes that are clean but less-than-fresh).Buttons to the side of the Nest-like dial let you add steam to get rid of wrinkles and static, as well as change the time, temperature, and spin speed. Inside the drum, sensors keep track of how wet your clothes are, so they don’t overdry and harm the fabric. Electrolux also offers an impressive 10-year drive motor warranty.The 8.0-cubic-foot dryer is no doubt a luxury appliance, with a price tag to match, but you get a spacious drum, steam, and germ-killing features. Best of all, its companion washer, the EFLS627UIW, is also an excellent machine.Why we picked the Maytag MEDB955FC:With 9.2 cubic feet of capacity, this Maytag dryer can hold a large load of laundry but also give it room to tumble around. It has an extra interior fin, so your clothes don’t tangle while drying. It also has features like PowerDry and Advanced Moisture Sensing to dry your clothes as quickly and evenly as possible.You get 10 drying cycles, including one especially for touch-ups, another that uses steam to refresh your lightly worn items, and the sanitize cycle kills 99.9% of three common household bacteria. You can further control the temperature, dryness level, and wrinkle settings. There’s even an air only setting for instances when you want to air fluff without heat. If you’re looking to save some money (especially since this is a fairly pricey machine), there’s an Energy Saver button that extends the dryer time but lowers the heat.If you’re always leaving your laundry until you have a veritable clothes mountain, this Maytag dryer will be up to the task.Why we picked the Samsung FlexDry:There’s no getting around that the Samsung FlexDry is big and spendy. But the extra bulk is for the dedicated Delicate Dryer, a space on top where you can lay sweaters and other items you wouldn’t normally toss in the tumbling drum. Lots of dryers let you insert a rack into the machine itself, but this Samsung model lets you leave the drum open for traditional loads while taking advantage of heated air. It never gets truly hot but still dries stuffed animals and clothing faster than letting them drip dry.In addition to the one-cubic-foot top compartment, the drum has 6.1 cubic feet of space. There are oodles of cycles, including sanitizing options and one specifically for bedding. Using steam, you can increase the machine’s versatility with wrinkle-fighting and refresh cycles. The FlexDry also works with Samsung’s Smart Home app, so you can see if your load is finished without trekking down to the basement. If you have some items you absolutely refuse to toss in the dryer, this appliance just might change laundry day for you.Pair it with: Samsung FlexWashRead our full review of the Samsung FlexDry Dryer.Why we picked the LG Mega Capacity TurboSteam Dryer:It’s not just smarts you’re paying for with this pricey LG dryer, but design. With its 14 cycles, there are a few ways to get clothes dry or do a quick steam refresh. It also has sanitize options if you prefer your fabrics germ-free. It even has a cycle that lets you disinfect non-washable items.What makes it so smart? The Wi-Fi-enabled dryer has a compatible app that can help diagnose any issues that arise. It can also take advantage of LG’s Smart Grid feature to save you a bit of money when energy costs are lower. It will also, of course, let you know when your clothes are dry. To us, it makes sense to pair a smart washer and dryer of the same brand in the hopes that they might one day talk to each other.Pair it with: LG WM3770HWAWhy we picked the Maytag MEDC465HW:There’s no doubt the Maytag is a no-frills, low-cost option. The list of features it doesn’t have — like steam, a sanitize setting, and tons of cycles — is longer than the one detailing those it does have. Still, it’s a solid performer and does present some nice options. The INTELLIDRY sensor tracks moisture and air temps for better drying performance, while the wrinkle control feature keeps clothes tumbling for 40 minutes, so they stay fresh and wrinkle-free after drying completes.Perhaps the best thing it has going for it is its capacity: 7.0 cubic feet. It’s not as big as mega-capacity options, but that’s still a lot of space for decent-sized loads.Though its base price is $700, we’ve seen it for closer to $500 (or less) on sale, which seems more in line with its bare-bones approach. Still, if you’re looking to spend under $500 on a dryer and aren’t interested in bells and whistles, this Maytag might be worth a look.Pair it with: Maytag MVWX655DWWhy we picked the LG DLE7100W:As one of the more reliable dryer brands, LG is known for making laundry machines that last. This model is no exception. It may not have all the extra features you’d see in a more expensive dryer. For instance, it doesn’t connect to Wi-Fi, so you can’t control it with your phone. But it does offer a lot for a low price. It has eight drying cycles, including a wrinkle care option, a freshen up program, a program for bedding and bulky items, and a speed dry option. The display is easy to navigate, as it has a dial and LED display indicators.A built-in sensor dry system detects moisture levels in your clothes during the cycle and automatically adjusts the drying time accordingly, while a smart diagnosis feature makes it so you can quickly and easily maintain your machine. It even has a duct clogging indicator to let you know it’s time to clean your dryer’s ducting.Pair it with: LG WT7100CWResearch and buying tips- How hot does a dryer get?- How long do dryers last?- How do you stack a washer and dryer?- What is the best dryer brand?- How does a ventless dryer work?- How many watts does a dryer use?- Is a gas dryer better than an electric dryer?- How much does a dryer weigh?- Is there a dryer that will fold my clothes?- Should I use dryer sheets?- How do I know when my dryer needs to be replaced?- Should you buy a dryer now or wait?- How does Digital Trends test dryers?Not as hot as you may think. Even though your clothes feel really hot when they first come out of the dryer, your dryer isn’t reaching temperatures like your oven. On low heat, it may reach around 125 degrees Fahrenheit, and on high heat, you might be looking at 135 or 145 degrees. According to GE, most 120V dryers will hit 145 Fahrenheit during operation.You should expect your dryer to last between 8 and 12 years provided you care for it properly.Use a stacking kit, which is a support system for stacking the two appliances on top of each other. Most stackable appliances have their own designated stacking kits. You should also use compatible units and place the washer on the bottom and the dryer on top, because the dryer is typically lighter than the washing machine.Consumer Reports points to LG as one of the most reliable dryer brands. Some other reliable machines come from brands like Maytag, Estate, Whirlpool, Amana, Kenmore, Electrolux, and GE.A vented dryer pulls the surrounding air from the laundry room, heats that air and uses it to dry the clothes, and then pushes the humid (lint-filled) air through a vent and outside of the home. A ventless dryer, however, pulls air into the machine, heats it, and then recycles the air and heats it again. The moisture goes down a drain or into a tray that you empty, and there’s no air being vented outside.A dryer will use somewhere in the range of 1,500 to 6,000 watts, depending on the model and type of dryer. A safe overall estimate is around 3,000 watts.Gas dryers tend to be cheaper to operate than electric dryers, but they also tend to be more expensive upfront. Gas dryers also tend to heat up faster (hence they may dry your clothes a bit faster), and they’re also cheaper to maintain.Most dryers weigh between 100 and 200 pounds. If you have a pedestal, that may weigh an additional 40 to 50 lbs.Robot vacuums have made it so we don’t have to actually physically vacuum. There are products coming onto the market that are attempting to make it so we don’t have to fold laundry. For instance, at CES 2019, an automatic folding machine called FoldiMate was debuted. The machine lets you feed clothing into a flat slot, and it comes out neatly folded. The FoldiMate machine is supposed to release in late 2019.As of yet, there’s not really a good option for a dryer that will take clothes from wet to neatly folded, but this is not to say we won’t see something like that hit the market in the near future.Ideally, no. Dryer sheets are sheets of fibers coated with stearic acid or fatty acids. Over time, these acids can damage your clothes and the inside of your dryer’s lint trap. However, it’s up to you to decide whether the benefits of dryer sheets are worth the risks.If your dryer isn’t drying your clothes (even after you’ve cleaned the duct and lint trap), or if it has mechanical issues that pose a safety issue or if those mechanical issues cost more to repair than the value of the machine, it’s time to replace your dryer.Many people discover the best time to buy a dryer is when their current one starts shaking and clanging, then dies mid-cycle. But if you have some advance warning, it can be beneficial to wait. Many manufacturers start rolling out new products in September or October, meaning retailers want to make room for the new inventory by lowering the prices of previous models.However, that’s not a hard-and-fast rule, and stores often have frequent deals coinciding with holidays. It’s not just Black Friday, either. You can often find bargains during long weekends like Memorial Day, Labor Day, and President’s Day.It might behoove you to find out if your local appliance dealer has an annual blowout sale. One located in Seattle, for example, has a yearly sale in early November that draws crowds looking for lower prices.Dryers are a big purchase for anyone, and doing research before purchasing a new appliance is key. If you’ve read our reviews, you may wonder how we reach our conclusions. We like to take into account benchmarks, like how long it takes to dry clothes and the temperature in the drum, as well as less objective metrics like design.Because our dryers are open for everyone in the Digital Trends office to use, we solicit a lot of feedback from our staffers when considering things like ease of use. This means that we take into account more than just one or two people’s opinions, and it also means the machines go through a fair number of cycles by the time we’re done with them.- The best washer dryer combo machines for 2019- The best dishwashers for 2019- Score a hot deal with Amazon’s 63% price cut on the Berta Ionic hair dryer- Walmart drops discounts of up to 47% on Remington hair dryers- The best washing machines of 2019 Play now on your phone at Gaming Club CasinoGaming Club Mobile Casino brings you all the games of chance you have come to know, win and love now available on your iPhone, iPad, Android, Blackberry and other mobile devices. Being associated with the original Gaming Club Online Casino, this mobile sister casino offers you a chance to play fabulous games like Mobile Pokies, Progressive Pokies, Mobile Blackjack, Baccarat and Mobile Roulette.What past winners have said?“I won $ 1,453 610.18 on the progressive slot Major Millions! When I hit the jackpot, I was just sitting at home on the PC. At first I was rather skeptical and have therefore first used my camera and made a photo of evidence. “- Joaquim M. How to prepare for the challenge?Please check widely what kind of online , in situ or other options there are to learn thinking. Please check also our Aalto Online Learning pilots via https://onlinelearning.aalto.fi/pilots for examples of different kinds of online learning themes (virtual reality, augmented reality and so on).Think and share who will better learn some form of thinking, for instance spatial thinking, critical thinking or sustainable thinking. Who or which group will benefit from your solution to the challenge?Please pick up an at least one example person (so called persona), give her/him a name, age, background, life context, work experience, in other words.In other words, bring her to life to illustrate how your approach supports her to learn skills or thinking she, her peers and the society will benefit from.Why is it important to find a solution to this challenge?We live in the era of huge amounts of information available at online platforms, in our libraries, universities and cultural heritage institutions. People spend an increasing time online in social media platforms browsing, commenting and producing content. Lifelong learners seek skills and competences for their personal and working life. But how and when this all supports us to better understand the world, us and make informed decisions?Now the big challenge is how can we better support thinking, be it critical thinking, spatial thinking, system thinking or sustainable thinking via a blend of all online information, tools and our urban and natural places.What is the possible impact of a good solution?Lifelong learners are looking for ways to learn to understand the complexity of global world, given sustainable development goals, economic pressures and social challenges. A good solution will take a brave step to offer an engaging and exciting experience for learners to learn to think in the era of online.What is the expected outcome of this challenge?The outcome of your group’s work can be anything that supports to learn different forms of thinking.Your solution can be a new idea or concept, or it can be a way to use university´s existing online approaches in a creative way, or it can be a set of exercises done online or in places, or it can be an app. It can also be a new detailed design of learning setting, or it can be a new course or even new online master's programme.It can be anything that you can dream of, work on and communicate to others, and convince the world!What would your dream look like? We begin our bathroom’s anti-transmogrification by gutting it. The birch paneling (ack!), plaster, lath, strapping–all of it has to go leaving us with the tabula rasa of the home’s structural terra cotta block walls so we can frame new walls against it.The Wrong Tool for the JobAnd what’s the tool many people think of when they hear “demolition?” Right. Sledgehammer.I know why.On nearly every home renovation TV show I’ve ever seen, TV contractors and homeowners start the camera-friendly demolition by pounding mercilessly through drywall, plaster, lath, corner-bead, etc., with blunt-force trauma.I guess it makes good reality TV, but it doesn’t make good reality. There’s almost no tool I can think of that’s less appropriate than a sledgehammer–especially if you’re backed up against a wall that isn’t supposed to be damaged. Note: A sledgehammer does have a specialized place in old-house bathroom remodeling, which I’ll get to in a future post.The Right Tools for the JobComplaints, however, are useless without solutions, so without further adieu here are some of my favorite appetite-for-destruction, rip-’em-and-strip’em, take-no-prisoners demolitions tools and techniques.The first thing to realize about plaster and wood lath (or 1-by floor sheathing, corner bead, board-and-bead paneling, etc.) is that it is way easier to remove it in the opposite direction the nails are pointed. If you have access to only one side of the wall that means pulling it free rather than pounding through it.Stanley’s FatMax FUBAR III is a professional grade tool made with solid steel construction and no-mercy design. I use its duck-billed jaw to plunge through the wall cladding, and then I’ll hook the lath behind it. One good yank and heaps of plaster crack free. Keep going, you’ll see the path to the lath.I’ve also used the DemoDawg tools with excellent success. Again, plunge the flat-bar-like nose of the tool behind the cladding and lever or pull everything else off.Next demo tool on the list is a unique one called the Gutster. This is a universal demo tool that appears equally at home stripping shingles (which I’m doing with it now) as it does ripping up deck boards or taking down plaster–which I have not done yet with it. Stay tuned on that one. We have some interior demo coming up that I’m looking forward to.The take-away here: When it comes to wall claddings, to trash it, don’t smash it. Get a rugged tool behind it and pull. Or, if you’re stripping both sides of the wall, pull off one side then push off the other from the back-side.Smart beats brutal almost every time.Want to know more about this project? Check out how we planned to tackle our bathroom remodel. Nepal’s media landscape is characterised by two important factors. First, the high number of radio stations that are spread across the country at a local level and have a greater reach to the overall population. As media researcher Badri Paudyal noted in the 2013 article Radio Broadcasting: Access and Functioning, the overall radio service in Nepal is established as a strong, popular and credible medium of information with a large following of listeners. In 2008, in an article titled Radio and the Recent Political Changes in Nepal, media commentator Pratyoush Onta cites radio’s large coverage, citizens’ access to radio, and the plurality in terms of language of broadcast as the main reasons for the popularity of radio as a mass media.Second, the mainstream newspapers that are mostly centered in the Kathmandu Valley, a combination of three administrative districts with the capital, Kathmandu, and have greater impact at the political level. The mainstream print newspapers are the agenda setters in Nepal. The overall print circulation is low because of the difficult geographical terrain, the high recurring costs for both publishers and readers, and the adult literacy rate at only around 60 percent of the population. Newspapers are mainly sold in the Kathmandu Valley and cities, thus having a greater impact on political and policy issues. The overall readership and the number of print newspapers are rising, however these are competing for advertisements in a small, fragile economy for their revenues; many of them are also not profitable. The annual advertising market is estimated to be approximately 40m euro. There are muted accusations that media owners continue to lose money on newspapers to gain political or economic benefits in their other interests.However, the growing number of television stations and the digital news outlets are all set to change the dynamics of the media landscape in Nepal. More than a hundred televisions channels have received licenses for operation in a country of 29 million people. Although Nepal lacks reliable data on television viewership, many believe that televisions, especially the primetime news bulletins, have a large audience, yet they only receive around 20 percent of total advertising expenditures. Most of the television stations focus on news-based programming as they are relatively cheaper and easier to produce in the studio.Digital news outlets have received a lot of attention lately. The Internet penetration has increased dramatically in recent years, and the online news consumption has seen a similar rise because of the popularity of social media and the availability of cheaper Chinese or Indian smartphones. In recent years, some senior and well known editors have invested in digital media outlets which has increased the impact of those media among political and social elites.Nepal’s media history is largely built upon partisan newspapers. Until 1990, Nepal was ruled by a monarch and the press was divided into two lines: those supportive of the monarchy and those supporting banned political parties in their struggle for democracy. After the establishment of democracy, the constitutional right of press freedom set the foundation for the emergence of professional media. As of today, while all of the daily newspapers , except state-owned ones, function as professional media after the advent of democracy, the majority of weekly newspapers remain fiercely partisan, supporting one or other political party, or even groups within a political party. Most of the weekly newspapers, which receive very little advertising and are very low in circulation, are either directly funded by the political leaders, or are operated by owners having political ambitions, or supported by rich allies of a political party or group.The daily newspapers and televisions are not party press, however the political parallelism is clearly visible. They reflect competing political ideologies and opinions despite most of them not having direct structural or ownership connection with political entities. In an ideal situation, this could mean diversity in contents, however, in Nepal’s case, such political reflection doesn’t necessarily mean diversity in contents, but rather lack in professionalism in the contents of media. Political interest groups own the majority of local radio stations and digital news outlets.Journalism was considered a volunteer profession until the emergence of big media houses after 1990, which led to the development of media commercialisation. Many young people with a journalism degree entered media looking at it as a career rather than just a writing hobby. This created an heterogeneous mixture in the journalistic community, with senior journalists carrying political ideologies, and younger generations largely following journalistic principles. However the political transition and turmoil in Nepal for the last two and a half decades have forced everyone to become political, and journalists are not exceptions. The majority of journalists are members of journalist unions which are formed as wings of political parties and their affiliation is often reflected in the contents they produce.The state is a prime player in Nepal’s media landscape. It owns a major publication house – the Gorkhapatra Corporation that publishes two dailies and magazines; the national television network with three channels – Nepal Television, NTV Plus and NTV News; the national shortwave radio with regional broadcasts and an FM radio; as well as a news-only agency, the National News Agency (RSS). There is a long-going effort to incorporate radio and television into the Public Service Broadcasting (PSB), but it remains only in the policy documents.The state is also the regulator requiring all print newspapers to register before publication, all radios and televisions to acquire a license to broadcast, and of late, all digital news outlets to enlist. An example of the intervention by the government is the issuance of the Online Media Operation Directives by the Ministry of Information and Communication (MoIC) that requires digital news outlets to enlist and empowers a state agency with arbitrary powers to supervise those outlets. The PCN, although an autonomous body on paper, is funded by the government which also appoints its members, thus making it more of a state agency. The PCN has issued the Code of Ethics for Journalists jointly with the Federation of Nepali Journalists (FNJ), which is an umbrella union of all journalists in the country, and solely enforces it. During the time of elections, the Election Commission and the PCN monitor media to ensure equal airtime to all political parties, limit political advertisements on media, and prohibit dissemination of pre-election survey results.The government is also a major funder of the media. It’s Public Welfare Advertising (PWA) scheme, managed by the Department of Information (DoI), is a major advertising revenue for small media outlets. The €2m scheme benefits qualifying print media and radio stations. The amount of PWA for any media depends upon the rating of the media done by the PCN. The PCN also manages the government-funded Media Development Fund to support development of small media outlets outside the Kathmandu Valley and Journalists Welfare Fund. The BARS booth at the West Barnstable Village Festival was twice as big as in the past, and was fully stocked. Steve Hoxie grilled his signature littlenecks with garlic and butter, we had kettles of chowder, oysters on the half shell, and lots of BARS merchandise.Bob Silva demonstrating BARS’ new oyster shucker while his grand daughter looks on. Photo in middle with Tom Lipinski and Andre Sampou in the BARS merchandise booth. Photo on right of USS BARS oyster boat filled with freshly shucked oysters on the half shell. Many more photos of this event are in the BARSgallery flickr photostream. Welcome to Laminate for LessGet the look of real wood floors for a whole lot less with Laminate Wood flooring. Conveniently located in Houston TX, our 12MM Hand-scraped Laminate flooring will allow you to instantly transform any room in your home for less! Here at our Laminate Flooring Houston TX office you will find more than just flooring. You will also find a team of enthusiastic professionals ensuring you find exactly what you need!No matter what your needs or price range is, we guarantee that our Laminate Flooring Houston TX location will have something you love. With such a great selection of Low-Priced 12 mm laminate flooring to choose from, you will be amazed that it is laminate! It does not matter whether you are planning on Installing Laminate Flooring yourself or you are in need of some assistance with your floor installation, we can help. All of our 12mm Laminate Flooring is durable, resistant to scratching and designed to look like the real thing.Improve the look of your home instantly and affordably with a selection of flooring from our Wood Flooring Houston location. You can stop in and see the types, designs and styles of flooring our Hardwood Floors Houston office has available— or take advantage of our online store for your convenience. There is no better time than now to purchase wood flooring at Wholesale Laminate pricing for your home or business! Outspoken Member of Parliament for East Are Are Edward Huniehu has called on civil servants and politicians to oppose the re appointment of Julian Moti."Those opposed to the appointment of Julian Moti as Attorney General should resign in protest against such actions" Mr Huniehu said. "It would be a disgrace to see Moti who was wanted for trial for juvenile sex charges in his country of adoption becoming the next Attorney General of Solomon Islands"Mr Huniehu went on to say that the Moti saga had resulted in a number of embarrassing experiences which has tarnished the reputation of Solomon Islands amongst its development partners."I would like to urge the legal fraternity association and the civil society to condemn the Prime Minister's decision" Mr Huniehu said.This call comes amidst a strong push by the Sogavare government recently to re appoint Julian Moti as the Attorney General of Solomon Islands.Mr Sogavare continues to insist that Australia's pursuit of Mr Moti on the sex charges was a "sham" to stop him becoming attorney-general.Mr Sogavare went on to say that his Government had received documents from the Vanuatu Supreme Court showing Mr Moti's case was closed when it was dismissed in 1999.Mr Sogavare was quoted as saying that this was a unique case of political persecution by the Australian government. CAR REVERSE SENSORS INSTALLATIONSafely Reverse and Park Your Car EasilyActively protect your car from unnecessary dents and scratches by installing Reverse Sensors. This essential accessory will alert you of objects behind your vehicle and will precisely indicate the distance. With Reverse Sensors, you can now safely reverse and park your car with ease.Come to HR Motor Body Repairs today to have our skilled technicians install Reverse Sensors for you. Our sensors use the latest technology to ensure precise, fast and reliable performance in any weather condition. Call today for more information! Process Validation in Manufacturing of Biopharmaceuticals: Guidelines, Current Practices, and Industrial Case StudiesA study of biopharmaceutical process validation. It aims to enable developers and producers to ensure safe products, reduce the risk of adverse reactions in patients, and avoid recalls by outlining sophisticated validation approaches to characterize processes, process intermediates, and final product fully. The text emphasizes cost effectiveness whWhat people are saying - Write a reviewWe haven't found any reviews in the usual places.Other editions - View allAll Book Search results »Encyclopedia of Pharmaceutical Technology, Second Edition, 2004 Update ...No preview available - 2004 The new Peninsula Paris sits just steps away from the Arc de Triomphe and Avenue des Champs Elysées, at 19 Avenue Kléber in the heart of the 16th arrondissement.The property is a late 19th century classic French-style building, which first opened in 1908 as the Hotel Majestic. One of Paris' most famous landmarks, the Majestic "grand hotel" enjoyed 40 years hosting the rich and famous, the titled and tycoons, together with leading lights in the world of the arts, literature and music during the "Belle Epoque" and "Années Folles", when Paris was at the height of its creativity and glamour.Historical highlights include George Gershwin composing "An American in Paris" while staying at the hotel in 1928, while the Paris Peace Accords, negotiated by Henry Kissinger and bringing the Vietnam War to a close, were signed in 1973 in the salon which is today Le Bar Kléber.Next month (1 August 2014) the hotel opens its doors again as the Peninsula Paris. Watch the video to see inside the hotel, hear about its history, and the task of restoring the historic building... Horny Bangla Aunty Nude Fucked by Lover at night. 13 min Gopinathms - 8M Views - p. Super sexy desi bengali aunty fucked. 22 sec Rupaaunty - k Views - p. desi Bengali Babe Swati nude selfie showing clean pussy - naholste.info 28 sec Desipapa - M Views - p.Horny Bangla Aunty Nude Fucked by Lover at night. M 60% 13min - p. Latest Desi Bengali Scandal by naholste.info M 93% 36min - p. Doctor illustrating injection process by Giving it in desi aunty s bum. M 90% 1min 34sec - p. Me (Shraboni) with my .Bengali old aunty hot scense. 3 min Oldmaturefucker - M Views - p. Bengali Aunty Fuck. 60 sec Bengali79 - k Views - p. Bengali Aunty sex scene. 2 min Oldmaturefucker - M Views - p. Another selfie clip of horny bangla married muslim bhabhi. 4 min Desi Selfie - k Views - p. Mallu aunty webcam show to boyfriend.naholste.info bengali aunty videos, free sex videos. billions of Desi bengali village aunty fuck XXX - sex videos indian aunty desi bengali village aunty fuck bangali aunty indian desi aunty caught hidden bath sleeping aunty aunty sex with son in law bengali aunty desi saree wali aunty desi aunty hard fucked by her boss indian aunty mom fucking in nighty prostitute indian maid aunty.Watch Bengali Aunty porn videos for free, here on naholste.info Discover the growing collection of high quality Most Relevant XXX movies and clips. No other sex tube is more popular and features more Bengali Aunty scenes than Pornhub! Browse through our impressive selection of porn videos in HD quality on any device you own.Watch video Bangla Aunty Nude at Home Get Fucked on Redtube, home of free Indian porn videos and sex movies online. Video length: () - Starring: Hot amateurs gone wild in this Couple, Indian video. Beautiful Bengali girl in homemade sex tape with Bengali Audio - Part 2 of 3. amateur, indian indian aunty hot sex more aunties videos visit: naholste.info tamil, indian, aunty, desi, bengali babe with big boobs sucks and fucks. amateur.Stor Svart Kuk Fucks Latin HemmafruIndian bengali boudi saree romance in b grade video, she strips her nightie then sex in lingerie. Bangladeshi girl lifting her tight petticoat and showing sexy thighs and naked ass. Desi big belly mature saree aunty pussy image before fucking and sucking big dick. Toyota Wiring DiagramsPosted on Aug 11, 2019 by Ella BrouillardToyota Wiring Diagrams » thank you for visiting our site, this is images about toyota wiring diagrams posted by Ella Brouillard in Toyota category on Aug 11, 2019. You can also find other images like toyota wiring diagram, toyota parts diagram, toyota replacement parts, toyota electrical diagram, toyota repair manuals, toyota engine diagram, toyota engine scheme diagram, toyota wiring harness diagram, toyota fuse box diagram, toyota vacuum diagram, toyota timing belt diagram, toyota timing chain diagram, toyota brakes diagram, toyota transmission diagram, and toyota engine problems. Please click next button to view more images.Do you know toyota wiring diagrams has become the most popular topics in this category? This is exactly why were presenting this content right now. We took this picture from the net that we think would be one of the most representative photos for toyota wiring diagrams.We all know everyones judgment; will be different from one another. Likewise to this image, inside our view, this really is one of the greatest picture, and now whats your opinion?This Information about toyota wiring diagrams has been submitted by Ella Brouillard in this category section. Please leave a comment here. Thanks.Together With toyota nz fe engine wiring diagram ecu extension harness st gen echo vitz toyota yaris forums x moreover a d c af f f a in addition maxresdefault as well as hqdefault together with lexus p car stereo wiring diagram connector pinout further nissan pathfinder fuse box diagram in addition b f fd as well as toy thumb tmpl bda f aee c f d a ca b along with toyota rav l wiring diagrams moreover original together with sge eng moreover toyota electrical wiring diagrams rav along with toyotamark thumb tmpl bda f aee c f d a ca b moreover gmc sonoma audio wire harness color. Hqdefault likewise Original together with Gmc Sonoma Audio Wire Harness Color besides B F Fd additionally Toy Thumb Tmpl Bda F Aee C F D A Ca B.Note : "Any content, trademark/s, or other material that may be found on the Wiring Diagram Images website that is not Wiring Diagram Images property remains the copyright of its respective owner/s. In no way does Wiring Diagram Images claim ownership or responsibility for such items, and you should seek legal consent for any use of such materials from its owner".Keywords for Toyota Wiring Diagrams :Related Posts of Toyota Wiring Diagrams : For anyone who has read the book, the trailer clearly reveals that there are some key differences from the book, meaning that the Z for Zachariah 2015 film is not just like the book.The setting and major themes have remained unchanged, as do some of the events in the book. For example in the trailer, Loomis shows Ann how to pump petrol manually.The trailer also shows that Ann interrupts Loomis’ bath in the radioactive river to warn him of the danger, which is not what happened in the book. However that is not the biggest change. In the book there are only two people, yet there are three actors in the trailer, creating a love triangle situation.The film premier at the Sundance Film Festival was met with reasonable reviews. The one criticism seemed to be it’s pace, although some saw this slow drip as a strength in the thriller genre.Be the first to leave a rating. Square Enix has a history of creating fantastic RPGs. As time has passed, they too have evolved into creating games with outstanding graphics, numerous cutscenes and lengthy gameplay. So what happens when they want to throw it back to the old days? Final Fantasy: The 4 Heroes of Light, that's what. Does it live up to the Final Fantasy name, or is it a let-down?The story of 4 Heroes revolves around four central characters: Brandt, Jusqua (Brandt's friend), Yunita (Princess Aire's bodyguard) and Aire (princess of Horne). The game begins on the morning of Brandt's 14th birthday in the town of Horne. That marks the day in Horne where boys become men upon presenting themselves before King Horne. Brandt's mother wakes him up and sends him on his way to the castle.When Brandt arrives at Castle Horne, the king is distraught. His daughter, Princess Aire, has been kidnapped by the (wicked) Witch of the North, and to prove his worth, the King asks Brandt to find her. Brandt joins with Jusqua, and in the Witch's mansion, they meet Yunita who helps them slay the witch and save the princess and return to Horne triumphant. Except upon arriving in Horne, everyone is turned to stone. Brandt and Jusqua stay behind to figure out what happened, and Jusqua takes Princess Aire to safety. Thus the adventure begins...Read: I'll get you my pretty! And your little dog, too!Throughout the adventure, the party is temporarily aided by other NPCs, but the four main characters will eventually reunite. As the story progresses, the party is awarded various crowns that will not only change their outward appearance, but also aide them in battle.If you've played any other Final Fantasy game that uses a job system (III, V, X-2, XIII and XIII-2, and the Tactics games), you'll be somewhat familiar with how the crowns work. Put on the Hero crown and you become very strong. Put on the Black Mage crown and you become a magical offensive powerhouse. Put on the Bandit crown and you can get steal items from enemies. You get the idea. You can still use spells regardless of your crown, but they will cost more ability points (AP).AP, you say? Well, let's explain the battle system. It's very simplified. Each character has five AP at their disposal. All of your available actions are listed on the touch screen. Each action uses at least one AP, the exception being Boost (restores one AP and also has your character defend). If you attack, you use one AP. At least one AP is restored per round (certain skills restore more).Now that we have that out of the way, battles play out similarly to other turn based games. They are random (grumble). You choose your actions in a round, your characters perform that action and then AP is restored. The kicker is that you don't choose which enemy (or ally) that you are using that action on. The game determines that for you, and while it usually get the allies' action right (who you want to heal), the enemy I often wanted to attack ended up not getting scratched. A little frustrating, but not infuriating. Once you get the hang of the battle system, you can set it into auto-mode (by pressing X during a battle) and set each character's pre-determined actions. This is helpful when you're wanting to grind.That's a really big egg you have there!After a fight, you don't earn gold, gil, or whatever. You get gems. Gems serve two purposes. First, you can sell them for gold to buy other items. Second, you can use those gems to upgrade your crowns (to learn new abilities) or weapons, armor and shields. This is crucial, especially in the latter half of the game.4 Heroes can be controlled with either the d-pad or with the stylus. I found myself playing with the d-pad more frequently, but I alternated between the two schemes and they both work just fine.Graphically, the game is a sight to behold. There aren't any CGI cutscenes, but Square Enix and Matrix Software did a terrific job of creating a vast world using cel-shading. It looks on-par with The Legend of Zelda: Spirit Tracks (on a technical level). It was also a nice touch to make every weapon, piece of armor, and crown give each character a unique look. All enemies are animated and the game never slows down. The music is decent, though none of the tunes are particularly memorable. The sound effects are good enough. There are no voices.The bottom line is that this isn't a game for everyone. It's hard, especially the latter half of the game if you haven't prepared your equipment. I almost set this game down several times...but I'm glad I didn't. Beating the final boss was satisfying, especially after getting destroyed by several of the later bosses. The main quest will last between 30-40 hours (it took me around 36 to finish). If you like RPGs and want a challenge, don't pass this one up.Wait, what? I've never heard of "crowns" ever. What are you talking about, Ludist!?Final Fantasy V and on, pfffft.Looks like a fun game. Not sure if I can handle the "muddy" (how I perceive them) graphics of handheld games, though I'm a huge fan of pixels. I don't know why they fall off so much for me. I like the NES and SNES Final Fantasy games. Graphically, I don't know, yeah. I'm not a graphics guy either, you all know that! Ah well.Thats cool that it was fun though. I like games with a "retro" feel to them, especially when its a big name title such as Final Fantasy. --Oh! Did Cid make an appearance??I fail to see the problem. The iPhone really has warped people's perception of value, hasn't it? Since when is $16 not cheap? You're getting a remake of a classic developed by a sizeable team. Give me a break indeed!At some point this race to the bottom has got to stop.No, as a gamer of two and a half decades who buys a fuckton of products, the iPhone hasn't warped my perception of anything.What needs to stop is the ridiculous portrayal of smart phone apps as being a race to the bottom. 3 years ago it was a virgin market where fart simulators were being sold for a buck. Now it's a platform, while still infantile, has seen cost of new games rise 500+% over less than 4 years. How is that a race to the bottom? By definition it is, in fact, the exact opposite and pretty much on track to become exactly what I was saying in all those threads we bickered back and forth about.New, high end games on the iPhone are retailing for 30-70% of what indie games on Steam or XBLA retail for. Maybe a couple bucks short. In a year it will be a wash. That's how DD works, and why it works.That said buying a port of a nearly 20 year old game for $16 is absurd. I'd pay ten max.I bought Shadows of the Empire today for $9.99 at a used game store.Made my way over to the rare-ish SNES/NES area.Super Mario RPG cartridge for $50, and Final Fantasy III for $40. How can stores still sell these at these prices? Unless you're a ridiculous collector (like me), theres no way you're buying the original when the VC version is out there for 8 dollars.A port of a 3 year old remake of a 20 year old game, you mean. But I get your point. I still think bitching about a $16 price for a game that came out at $40 on the DS (and has since dropped to $20 or so) is a little ridiculous.edit - It's a race to the bottom because while you'd pay $10 max, you wouldn't believe the number of people I hear in real life AND on podcasts (people from the review AND the development side of the industry) balk at a $2.99 price on the iPhone, for games that are definitely worth 10 times that. It's just screwed up.Well, it's Squarenix, they charge more than normal retail ($40 versus $35) for their enhanced ports on DS, which is kind of silly. Yet I still bought a few. I guess the good thing about VC is Nintendo has a set price structure, otherwise SE would probably try to charge a bunch more there too.How is what is going on with the price structure, what the games are actually retailing for on the App Store, by any definition a "race to the bottom"? Prices are doubling year over year and the quality is going up exponentially. I'm looking at my iPhone right now under the "role playing game" category just to make this relevant to this thread. The list goes as follows for the top ten:1) Eternal Legacy- $.99 2) Sacred Odyssey- $.99 3) Final Fantasy III- $15.99 4) Final Fantasy- $3.99 5) Secret of Mana- $3.99 6) Final Fantasy II- $3.99 7) Chaos Rings- $5.99 8) Illusia- $.99 9) Cartoon Wars- Gunner- $.99 10) Inotia 3- $.99Half the games on that list are retailing for between 400-1600% over what every single game on the App Store costs a couple years ago. $4.99- $9.99 is kind of the new standard for quality games like Dead Space or Infinity Blade. And those games sell at those prices.Unless I'm not understanding what a race to the bottom is what is going on is the exact opposite of that. It's more like a race off the bottom. Shitty cheap games retailed for a buck because nobody even knew if there was a real market for cell phone games and now everyone from EA to Capcom and Epic are on board making games that are in some (limited) cases on par with DS offerings. The quality will continue to rise, as will prices because the market dictates it.Companies are free to charge what they want. As long as people are buying, I don't see what the problem is. Case in point, a company ported Nippon Ichi's Spectral Souls to the Android Market. A lot of people are whining about the price (almost $15 USD), but it's still managed to sell around 100,000 copies.I don't disagree with this, I was simply saying I personally find a $16 price tag on a 20 year old game kind of absurd. That being said I am obviously in the minority as it's currently the 3rd best overall selling rpg on the App Store. Truth be told I'm buying it the first time it goes on sale, it is a good game and one of a handful of jrpgs I've ever really enjoyed. I really hope Square keeps porting all their old games over. I'd buy a remake of FFVI, FFVII, FFIX and Chrono Trigger to be sure. I'd also buy FFIV and FFV just because I've never played them.And on a side note, how in the fuck does a game like Eternal Legacy (ie FFXIII for very poor people) score so well? I don't like the trend in iPhone game ratings in gushing about a shitty game with decent graphics. Who cares. The VA in this game is so horrendous and the story so abysmal I would give it a 5 just based upon that. Sure it's pretty but that hardly qualifies it as being a good game.Like @Pandareus said, wrong FFIII. This was the DS remake that came out a few years back of the old SNES game. They really smoothed up the graphics too.Also, welcome to the realm of the smart phone. Mediocre games get good scores because they almost emulate a console (or handheld) experience.In more than a few cases, yes. Some of those games though, like Infinity Blade, are actually good.Ironically the iPhone has made me start playing some jrpgs again. I am far too lazy to take my DS anywhere with me and haven't bought a game for it in years and I don't play it at home because I'd rather play my Wii or PC. Inotia 3, Zenonia 2, Ash, etc are good games.Knowing I haven't really played FFIII (I'm still a bit confused here because I have played the SNES FFIII and whatever I emulated as FFVI... supposedly the "best" in the series by fans... so did I play this or not?) I'm half tempted to buy it. Or if it's the same FFVI I played I'd buy that too. road trip to ashevilleLast week's road trip took us to Asheville, North Carolina for the first time. We went for the Biltmore and the breweries, mostly, and we weren't disappointed. Our favorite stops - Wedge Brewery for unbelievable Belgian style ale (try the Golem please), Early Girl Eatery for biscuits and gravy, Dripolator for pour-over coffee, and Bruisin Ales for beer to go and an awesome selection of it (be sure to check out the snooty antique shop a couple doors down from Bruisin to lust after overpriced but lovely 1920s and 30s dresses, plus some turn of the century babes). A couple more favorites - Thirsty Monk downtown and Barley's Taproom.. and of course the Biltmore.The Biltmore was grand. We arrived in the early morning to beat the crowds and the heat. The drive to the house, wooded hills and ferns with their branches stretching towards the road, was magical - looking wild and almost overgrown but in truth, plotted and planted and conceived by landscape architect Frederick Law Olmsted. I think we were just as excited to see Olmsted's handiwork as the house itself. And the house - to think it was built by a 33 year old bookish bachelor makes it all the better. Grand palatial grounds with Gilded Age adornments, 500 year old tapestries in rooms seven stories high (rooms built for the tapestries themselves), a billiard room festooned in oak panelling with a secret passage into the adjoining smoking room. The Biltmore's first floor has a decidedly masculine theme, which is no surprise since George Vanderbilt designed it himself.By the time we left in the afternoon, the heat and the crowds had arrived so we were ready to go - but if it had been a little less busy, I could have easily toured the house a second time.I wore an all vintage and nearly all thrifted outfit to the Biltmore on our day there.. vintage silk blouse and high waisted burgundy trousers with leather wedge sandals and a small straw purse, all thrifted. Round sunglasses from a local vintage shop in Nashville and a deadstock Casio watch from American Apparel rounded it out. Still hardcore into monochromatic outfits apparently, but this ensemble was too good to pass up.. the pants and blouse are easily two of my favorite Goodwill finds from this past summer.Currently addicted to searching for 1920s sewing patterns online (been literally dreaming about silk drop waist dresses and waking up sad and empty handed) and watching Poirot episodes on Netflix. Neil surprised me with creme de cassis last night when he found out it was Poirot's favorite drink. I now have aspirations to become a female Hercule Poirot. worry[ wur-ee, wuhr-ee ]SEE DEFINITION OF worryEXAMPLES FROM THE WEB FOR WORRYI can't remember when I haven't awakened to doubt, and worry, and heart-sickness.He began to worry seriously about keeping Mr. Hichens out of his house.By George, he'd fool her, for once: he'd go away, and let her worry.Tell Mrs. Drummond he was in good spirits, and that she's not to worry.It doesn't seem to bother him any, so I don't see why it should worry me.The Dutchman would not win, and Lucretia was the best of the others—why worry?If she would but marry him there would be little left to worry about.You don't want to worry so much about your looks, none of you.The postage wasn't paid on it, and that was another thing to worry about."I worry so about its disorderliness that I won't go in," she used to say, in a resigned way.MORE RELATED WORDS FOR WORRY- cut to the quick- hit where one lives Upcoming monthly sessions:17th of April, 8th of May & 12th of June16:00 – 20:00The session coordinator will prepare a session together with 2 other people who will help them with research and preparation if needed.Each sessions aim is to:- Explore the technical basics together and do tutorials in order to get a basic practical understanding, so we can start building small experiments.- Give some suggestions on how to make art with this particular tool introduced in the session, explore possibilities and show some real live examples from other people.- Have a pitching session, where each participant will explain how they will use the tools we explored in this session during the next month, what they will try to create.Responsibilities of each session's coordinator:- Define a challenge/theme for their session.- Prepare the session, doing research together with their helpers.- Send out materials for people to prepare for the session one week in advance (what software they need to install, what tutorials to do, what videos to watch, articles to read,...)- Facilitate the session, give a presentation on the basics and make sure that participants get enough opportunities to practice and try out things during your session.- Get participants to develop ideas for developing their own artworks with the tools/ideas you presented in your session. Get them to pitch it to the others.- Host a presentation session of what people did during the next session (probably at the end of the next session).- Optional: Organise co-working sessions (can be flexible drop-in/drop-out) before the presentation of the results if needed. WS: WW: Prompt for Data Selections in World Writer(Doc ID 627391.1)Last updated on JULY 01, 2019Applies to:JD Edwards World World Writer - Version A7.3 cume 4 and laterInformation in this document applies to any platform.To view full details, sign in with your My Oracle Support account.Don't have a My Oracle Support account? Click to get started! Types of MulchMulch is composed of multiple different materials. Anything that can be applied to the surface of soil can be considered a form of mulch. Mulching has many purposes:- Conservation of moisture- Reduction of weed growth- Soil fertility improvement- Soil health- Visual enhancementMulches are generally organic, but not exclusively so. Permanent mulch, like a layer of plastic sheeting, can stay in place for years, and more temporary forms of mulch – such as bark chips- must be regularly added to. Mulch can be applied to bare soil or can be added around existing plants. Natural mulches, like manure or compost, will be added to the soil mixture by the action of worms and soil-dwelling organisms. Application of mulch takes place in both commercial and residential developments, both for aesthetics and crop production, and can drastically improve the fertility of your soil.Most layers of mulch are around two inches deep and can be applied at different times throughout the year, depending on their intended purpose. In the spring, mulches can help to warm the soil through heat retention, which facilitates early seedlings and transplants. Mulch also maintains the temperature of the soil as the summer progresses and helps retain an adequate level of moisture. For mulch application in Dallas-Fort Worth, TX, call us today.Some Mulch DisadvantagesMulch, while helpful in soil retention and temperature regulation, can also inhibit water from reaching the soil if it’s to absorptive. In order to achieve the maximum benefits, while minimizing the negative effects of mulch, it is usually applied once the temperatures have risen sufficiently, but before the soil becomes too dry. This is usually in late spring or early summer, though it may differ in colder or more humid environments.Permanent layers of plastic are valued for their simple installation and the fact that so little maintenance is required. In larger commercial operations, plastic sheets are laid down with tractors, often requiring the use of drip irrigation systems in place underneath the plastic. Whatever mulch you decide to use, and however you decide to have it installed, MDM Landscapes is sure to have the equipment and knowledge necessary to help you mulch your lawn quickly and efficiently. I recently came upon some very good foods that actually tested very well when I motility tested them. They actually tested as good as exceptional supplements. They have a lot of research behind them and have been shown to provide many health benefits. But many times even foods and supplements which have these claims don’t test well. Sometimes they are low grade or contaminated or for whatever reason just don’t test well. But these foods tested very well and I wanted to share them with you.They come from a company called Guanni Organic and the foods that tested well were Yacon, a natural sweetener and Cacao, a high grade Peruvian chocolate.They can be used in a blender with coconut milk, sprouted sunflower seeds, and ice to make a delicious chocolate smoothie that is actually as good for you as exceptional supplements.Yacon root is high in fructo-oligosaccharides, a unique sugar which helps good bacteria and inhibits bad bacteria in your gut. There is much written about the health benefits of this plant which is related to the sunflower and dahlia plant.Cacao, especially Criollo Cacao is high in polyphenols and antioxidants and have positive effects on the heart and the gut especially serotonin levels. Most cacao is not Criollo but instead Forastero. Look for the Criollo Cacao.If you read the last blog post, try motility testing these two products. They test exceptionally well. If you want to know what a food or supplement should test like, try the Cacao and Yacon!For more information on these high quality foods please check their website at www.guanniorganic.comRalph Havens, PT, OCS, IMTC I talk to a lot of artists who love their studio time and make a point to schedule it so that the rest of their lives do not get in the way. They are making great work and have a decent amount to show and potentially sell but it just sits. If you can relate I have one comment… you are not doing the job of a working artist.A working artist practices their craft weekly, daily, all the time, but they also put a good chunk of their time into marketing the work so they can make a living from it. So, what is marketing? It is promoting the work to the world, making it visible, getting people interested, the things that lead to sales.One thing about marketing is it has to be consistent, the other is that is cannot be half-hearted. If an artist is dedicated to really being a working artist they have to market, weekly, daily, all the time. As Crista Cloutier recently wrote, ” To play in the big leagues, you’ve got to up your game.”So my advice today is–dedicate some time to your marketing, plan blocks of time each day or week to devote solely to promoting your work on your website blog, social media, contacting galleries, or reworking your marketing materials. If this is really not your strong point, then maybe you need a coach, consultant, or professional writer to help. Luckily, you know of one… - 18k Rose gold, Morganite and diamonds engagement ring- center 4.98 carat Oval cut Morganite- four-prong set in a rose gold solitaire mounting with 18 pieces of graduating brilliant cut diamonds with 0.28 carat total weightCall for PriceSerena Morganite and diamonds engagement ring by Cynthia Britt. Serena’s engagment ring has a beautiful combination of glamour and no-nonsense style. Center Mornagite is four-prong set and the solitaire mounting is set with brilliant cut diamnds in graduating size, in a “French set” style. The diamonds are F/G color, SI1 clarity with 0.28 carat total weight. To order your Morganite and a custom made ring please contact Cynthia directly.Only logged in customers who have purchased this product may leave a review. - Street Address:- 298 Foster Point Road- Mailing Address:- PO Box 1-10- Thetis Island- British Columbia- Postal Code:- V0R 2Y0- (250) 246-9440- (250) 246-3201- Toll Free:Please Note: This page is maintained by the institution, and was last updated on 2018-11-12.Does not offer online programming.Is actively recruiting home educated students.Is endorsed by Education Unlimited as Home-Education Friendly.Home Education Admission Policy/Process/ProcedureDirectives are intended for students who lack Alberta Programs of Study Accreditation and serve only as guidelines when seeking or preparing for admission equivalents (alternatives) to Alberta 30 level requirements.Specific admission requirements vary with programs. Benefit from the latest technology in payroll processing servicesADP® Payroll ProcessingPayroll can be a daunting and time consuming job without the right tools in place. Ideal Credit Union can help make it easy thanks to our partnership with ADP, the industry leader in payroll processing, employee time management, tax payments and human resources support.Partnering with ADP will provide you with the latest technology in payroll services, allowing you to get back to business faster.ADP Payroll Processing features- Payroll processing- Employee access features- Direct deposit- Time & attendance tracking- Customizable webpage- Employee engagement tools and moreReady to get started?ADP can provide assistance regardless of the size of your business and getting started is simple. For assistance, contact Ideal CU Business Relationship Specialist Josh Anderson at 651-773-2763 or schedule an appointment. Your shopping cart is empty!Product Compare (0)Tutu Net Ra-Ra Skirt WhiteWhite net petticoat tutu with elasticated waistSize 22" - 32"Length 40cmOt..Angel halo marabou white on headbandStandard adult size fits mostFor when you want to be good !!&nbs..The most popular angel wings we sellBlack feather elasticated wingsSize of wings 12" x 16" Wings are..The most popular angel wings we sellBlack feather elasticated wingsSize of wings 12" x 16" Win..Bat wingsBlack Chiffon elasticated wingsSize of wings 50" x 16" Wings are elasticated to fit mo..Net Black petticoat skirt with elasticated waistNet tutu petticoat with elasticated waist.Tutu fit s..Bumble Bee wings accessory kitPack contains material yellow and black wings and a set of antenna on ..Dragon rubber wings greenRubber latex dragon wings with elasticated shoulder straps Size measures24...Pixie green and silver net wingsGreen net pixie wings with silver glitter design with elasticated ar..Fairy wand gold with a fur marabou decorationLength of wand 14" / 35cmSuitable for adults and childr..Babies fairy pink and silver net wingsPink net pixie wings with silver glitter design with elasticat..Toddler fairy white and silver net wingsWhite net pixie wings with silver glitter design with elasti..Fairy Wings White Silver GlitterThe most popular wings we sellWhite net elasticated wings with silve..Harry Potter wandPlastic dark brown wand suitable for the character Harry PotterSuitable for adults ..Harry Potter style wandPlastic dark brown wand with lights and sound effects suitable for the charac.. Life is usually a busy thing, especially a life of a college student. Curriculum, campus, libraries, part-time jobs, student parties – you are a newcomer in this bright college world, so it’s urgent to find a way how not to go nuts balancing between the serious stuff you need to study and the things you want to do. I’ll tell you what – you will handle it with little stress after you go through these tips how to find balance.Determine all your priorities in college. Sort out your daily assignments according to their importance and priority.Managing your timeYou should control how much time you spend on various activities, and take breaks when you start to feel that you are not efficient any more – just switch to something else. Time management is a perfect key to a very vital skill how to study and have fun.Distribute your time in a way that you can devote it to your studying, books, part-time jobs if you have such, and socializing with your college friends.Learn How to Say “No”Saying “No” is a quite important technique to save your time and do the things you’ve planned to do. Say “No” if you feel you’re partying too much, or if your friends try to make you do all the work on your project.Get Ready to SacrificeNo matter how perfect your time schedule is, there’s always a chance for force majeure where you’ll have to make your choices and sacrifice some stuff. If you have an important final tomorrow and planned to go to a party the night before, you’ll sacrifice your time there, because it is a risk to fail your exam. Consider all the opportunities to make up for it.Finding a balance between fun and knowledge is a challenge, we know. But once you accept that and try to combine your rest and work, you’ll see how easy it is to become successful. College life is not all about studying, and it is not all about partying all night long. It’s somewhere in the middle. Our 4th Annual 1K Run will take place on Saturday, October 5, 2019. All participants must complete the following registration form. If you have any questions, please use our contact form or call us at 757.565.2006. And, don’t forget to make a cash or food donation to help us reach this year’s goal.Since these items need to be special ordered, you must register no later than September 15, 2019, to guarantee that your child will receive a T-shirt and finishers medal. March 10 – March 23, 20192 week Workshopfrom € 580BAIKAL is the largest and deepest freshwater lake of the earth and geologically the most ancient one. It is home to the Mongolian tribe of the Buryats whose cultural heritage is shaped by Shamanism and Buddhism.Baikal is also the cradle of the Russian Environmental movement and today, the fragile ecology of the lake is once again being threatened, this time by overtourism.Experience Lake Baikal awakening from the winter and learn a great deal about the natural landscape, the indigenous culture of the Buryats, about ecology and the environmental problems of LAKE BAIKAL during CACSEE’s 2-week Workshop.In cooperation with:Baikal Institute of Nature ManagementBuryat State UniversityHumboldt-Universität of Berlin 91 PC Suite91 PC Suite 2.9.71 can be downloaded from our website for free. 91 PC Suite lies within Mobile Phone Tools, more precisely Other Mobile Utilities. The actual developer of the free program is 91 Software. The most popular versions among the program users are 2.9, 2.6 and 2.2. Our antivirus scan shows that this download is virus free. 91Mobile.exe, Android PC Suite.exe or Launcher.exe are the common file names to indicate the 91 PC Suite installer.From the developer:PC Suite fully supports mobile phones on the iPhone, Android and Windows Mobile platforms. As long as you have PC Suite, massive resources are free to access.You may want to check out more software, such as Tipard DVD to Pocket PC Suite, Tipard iPod + iPhone 4 PC Suite or Maxi PC Suit, which might be related to 91 PC Suite. LS109 Copyright and Creative Commons: How to Find, Use, and Cite Resources10:45 AM - 11:45 AM Wednesday, March 22Education and training departments work under tight budgets and deadlines. In this environment, the temptation to use images and media from the web increases, especially in light of the plethora of social spaces that are used to share such objects. But what can you use? Under what circumstances? And how do we give credit where credit is due?In this session you’ll learn more about how you can use content you find online while still respecting copyright. You’ll start by taking a practical look at what copyright means to our industry, including investigating what content you can and can’t legally use in your work and how to give appropriate credit to creators. You’ll then explore a newer licensing option that makes it even easier for people to share and use content legally: Creative Commons. You’ll discover how this content license is particularly helpful when you have little to no budget, where to find Creative Commons-licensed content, and what ways you’re able to use what you find. This session will help you feel more confident that you’re using the media you find online the right way, and will even give you more sources for finding it in the first place.In this session, you will learn:- The basics of copyright law, fair use, and the TEACH act- What Creative Commons (CC) licensing is, and what the different licenses mean- How to find CC-licensed images and media- How to easily and appropriately cite CC-licensed images and mediaNovice and intermediate designers, developers, project managers, managers, and directors.discussed in this session:Assistant Director for Learning Design, College of Earth and Mineral SciencesPenn State UniversityStevie Rocco is assistant director for learning design at the College of Earth and Mineral Sciences at Penn State University. Stevie has more than a decade of experience working with faculty to create and manage online learning. At Penn State, her team produces and uses tools and technologies that create quality online course experiences. In addition, Stevie consults on a wide variety of topics, including faculty development for online teaching, accessibility, usability, open source and free tools, and social media. Stevie holds a BS degree in secondary education and an MEd degree in adult education. Hoa Trang Nguyen Awards Ceremony 2015 is expected to be organized in the North at the beginning of October and in the South at the middle of October. Once again, the organizers of Hoa Trang Nguyen are waiting to honour the outstanding students all over to countries.Hoa Trang Nguyen Awards has been initially hosted by the Commission for Popularization and Education, Ministry of Education & Training, HCM Communist Youth Union, Viet Nam University and College Association and sponsored by Tan Tao Group from 2008.Up to now, nearly 10,000 students all over the country were granted Hoa Trang Nguyen Prizes with total value over 20 billions Vietnamese dong. This year many big prizes for students shall be granted:A laptop and 2 millions Vietnamese dong shall be granted for a student, who achieve international prizes (gold, silver, bronze medal);Students of the first national prize shall be granted 4 millions Vietnamese dong;Each province will sort out 5 students of the top-score in the national high school exam 2014-2015. These students shall be granted 3 millions each;In addition, each student will receive certification, honor medal, membership of Hoa Trang Nguyen Club; and first-year-full-scholarship at Tan Tao University is also offered for Hoa Trang Nguyen students Box pleat valance – When you create a pleated valance, first indicate that the structure created on paper. For each pleat spacing between each pleat should be six inches to eight inches. Suppose, for example, that the net is made up of five times. Most of the material is not sufficiently broad to Valances and must be drawn up. If the Council use the mosquito nets 4 “back in hand, it is not necessary. In the case of the last one or two on each side of the thumb can turn on, or cut, according to the width of the window or inside the corner of the block.Valance Board should be about 4 inches wide and long enough to come to the edge of the window casing box pleat valance. At the top of the netting must be at the level of the upper edge of the window trim or casing. For a good effect is completed, the Board should be covered with a layer of similar material on the line. The net is then affixed to the edge of the Board.If the curtain rod used for netting, three rods can be purchased. The inner rods used for curtains of glass, which is central to the blinds over and one outside the netting. Box pleat valance can be attached to the curtain rods. Hooks sewn back into pleats when the flap is done. Other hooks can be placed between the folds, which help to keep upright. The ring is sometimes used as a hook and slipped through the stem.When combined with rich tassel trims on hand its gone. Super soft finish and add pleats can solve a shimmering gold backdrop. Box pleat valance, home decorating needs. With friends to as enhancement with modern flare the command center is a sketch to give it a shimmering gold backdrop. Your goto store for making your thermalbacked pinch pleat valance 52×18 crimnson waverly curtains black out curtains tab top back today to get in stock on eligible purchases. Gifts has the delicate embroidered leaf pattern of cotton and pastel blue is your current one a week however life always. Area Req- 400-500Sq.FtTotal Investment-INR 50 LACSFranchise Outlet-LESS THAN 10Entertainment Industry is a very challenging industry and it is an industry where profit margins are high as well. People need entertainment in their life kids needs respite from there hectic study schedule and elders need it from there stress fullife’s, 7D Rider is a unique ride where age is just a number, anyone from 2 years and above can enjoy this ride. You just need to be young at heartSidarth Parekh the Director of 7 d Rider has started their Journey around 5 years ago, he quitted hid job as a HR Executive in Hindustan Times and decided to start something on his own. He started his business of Import Export wherein we supply anything thing and everything to our clients based abroad which is running still to till date.During his one of his trip he got the base of 5D entertainment ride. In 2011 he bought this concept to India so that people here can experience this world class entertainment ride.In 2012 we finally installed our first 5D Ride at Infiniti Mall, Mumbai. The response was overwhelming, after and overwhelming response in Mumbai, the very next year we ventured in Pune where the response was at par with what we got in Mumbai.In 2015 we upgraded to the latest in technology and changed out name to 7D Rider where the latest technology of guns was introduced. With this interaction level of the participants have increased many folds. Also now currently we are the only one who have this technology in the Mumbai and Pune market.Support from Brand: -We support the franchisee in every manner so as to make their business a success. We Provide Pre Training starting from the set up of the Business to its successful running .We also provide Post Training to the Franchise holders I.e. checking and auditing all the services being done by the franchisee at their area. Child Myopia Control Clinic – Pediatric Eye Clinic in Thane & Navi Mumbai ( Nerul )You can see objects near to you clearly, but objects farther away are blurry. This is called Myopia. In simple words, if your child is myopic or has myopia, he’s nearsighted. Myopia is blurry long-distance vision, often called “short-sighted’’ or “near-sighted”. Myopia is one of the most prevalent vision issues, especially in children.Myopia Symptoms in Kids.Blurry vision is not just normal case in kids. Early detection and treatment can control child myopia. Following are the symptoms of child myopia.- Sitting too close to the TV.- Holding books closer while reading.- Experiencing eye strain- Trouble to see distant objects like letters on the board in schoolWhat to do ?Like we mentioned earlier, it is important to take a proactive role in your child’s eye care. Take him to a good child eye specialist ( Pediatric Ophthalmologist ). Video: Circa Cycles Custom BicyclesHere’s a quick video overview of CIRCA, where we came from, why we’re different, and most importantly, how we can make you a great custom bike.If you like what you see, have questions, or just want to say ‘Hi’, please use the “Get Started!” tool on the right edge of the screen.I’d like to give a big thank you and shout out to director Kevin Brown and producer Carly Cais at Portland-based Uncommon Era video productions for doing a fantastic job for us. The first time I saw the rough cut, I almost shed a tear with pride. If you need a video, go find ’em!Leave a Reply You can buy CBD Oil in Sebasco Estates, Maine today. This is made up of low-THC hemp, high-CBD, whereas medical marijuana products are generally crafted from plants that have high psychoactive tetrahydrocannabinol (THC) concentrations. Since hemp only contains trace amounts of THC, they are non-psychoactive hemp oil products in Sebasco Estates, Sagadahoc, ME.CBD Hemp Oil Resources For Residents In Sebasco Estates, MaineCannabidiol (CBD) is just one of over 85 cannabinoids which have been found to get contained inside the cannabis plant and contains another highest amount of cannabinoid in marijuana following THC. However, in hemp, THC is present only in trace amounts, with CBD dominating the makeup from the plant. CBD is non-psychotropic and doesn’t create a high. It interacts together with the body’s naturally occurring systems. That makes it a less controversial plus a safer option, while still providing significant benefits to all In Sebasco Estates, Sagadahoc.Why Should Cannabidiol CBD Oil Supplements Be Applied In Sebasco Estates Sagadahoc, ME?In recent years CBD has emerged like a compound that his highly popular. After receiving significant amounts of media exposure, including the CNN special called “Weed” by Sanjay Gupta, it provides bought out natural products industry. Since that time, CBD oil products have demostrated up in grocery stores in Sebasco Estates, Maine, medical marijuana dispensaries and doctor’s offices. No medical card is needed to purchase it.The way in which CBD interacts with the human body is by the endocannabinoid system or endogenous cannabinoid system (ECS). The endocannabinoid system was basically discovered throughout the late 1980’s regulates the homeostasis of the body, or general balance state, which impacts functions for example immune response, pain, hormone regulation, appetite, sleep and mood. Much like an acrobat up on a high wire, our surrounding environment impacts our regular balance. This really is corrected through the endocannabinoid system by mediating the body’s reaction to keep things level.The endocannabinoid system can be found in all mammals and includes numerous various cannabinoid receptor sites that are primarily found during the entire immune system (the CB2 receptors), central nervous system (the CB1 receptors) and brain that act in the neural communication.The endocannabinoid system, however, doesn’t rely only on phytocannabinoids or plant-based cannabinoids. The human body can certainly make its unique cannabinoids. 2-AG and Anandamide, which function inside a similar way to CBD, would be the endocannabinoids in the body, which can be created so that you can control communication in the middle cells, to mediate the functions of the human body.The endocannabinoid system from Sebasco Estates, Maine clearly is amongst the human body’s most significant regulatory systems. However, most of individual neglect to do much to assist the healthy in the system due to cannabinoids not being contained in the average diet.Exactly What Is Unique About CBD Hemp Oil?The non-psychoactive of cannabis and naturally low-THC hemp plant, grows in various countries around the globe then gets imported into the Usa to use in foods, nutritional supplements, building materials and textiles.There are millions of different unique hemp varieties in Sebasco Estates, Maine. The cultivars are used for CBD oil contain better concentrations of CBD when compared with others. Through the use of these unique and potent plants, this makes extracting cannabis oil likely that contains significant cannabidiol levels, in addition to other non-psychoactive cannabinoids, flavonoids, terpenes, fatty acids, minerals and essential vitamins.In the last decade roughly, there were a lot more than 23,000 studies authored by peer-reviewed medical journals that detail the results of cannabinoids, cannabis oil and cannabis on our bodies.With scientists, legislators, families have become more mindful of potential of hemp CBD oil and cannabidiol, delivers the supplement marketplace with a game-changing solution, which supplies all the benefits that CBD has, without having the high that marijuana offers, which are counted on by a large number of individuals on a daily basis.Where Does CBD Cannabis Oil Originate From?Cannabis CBD Oil is a form of natural botanical extract that hails from the normal hemp plant. This part is apparent and simple.However, due to United states regulatory limitations that correspond with processing and growing hemp, this process for delivering CBD hemp oil products to a customer’s doorstep in Sebasco Estates, Maine is to get more complex.Within the Usa it is actually prohibited to cultivate hemp for commercial purposes, even after the 2014 Farm Bill was passed. Approved top reasons to growing hemp has limitations to pilot programs just for research needs. Although hemp corps have now been planted such states as Minnesota, West Virginia and Kentucky for the initial time within the last half century. So United states hemp cultivation has a lengthy approach to take before it is able to meet current domestic demand.That is why all those finished hemp goods you can see that exist easily obtainable in the United states, from material materials, to clothing and food products, which are participate in the imported hemp industry has recently surpassed $500 million per year. The actual size of the key industry just for this is amongst the main catalysts for your legalization for hemp in the United States. Hemp can be a renewable source for a variety of products, and offers a fascinating new phase for American agriculture.Best Cbd Oil For Pain – Final Summary For Sebasco Estates, MaineSo the hemp that is used for making the high CBD products that exist to those living in Sebasco Estates, Maine, especially in Maine in the U.S. in cultivated in several countries around the world. That is why the hemp which is used within our CBD oil products arises from farms in Europe. And just any hemp crop is commonly used – specific hemp plant cultivars of the hemp plant are needed for yielding another that is certainly sufficient to use for Cannabis CBD Oil.More Info In Maine if interested: Hi Y’all! It is November and that is always the month I am reminded that there are tons of things that I am thankful for in my life. This year November will be known as the Month of Thanks. I am going to do 30 days of Thanks here on Geeky Bloggers Book Blog! Each day I will highlight one author (and the book they wrote that moved me) and one blogger (and their awesomeness) that I am thankful for! These are not in any particular order and by no means is 30 going to cover everyone that I love.I am thankful for Charlaine Harris and her Sookie Stackhouse series. I am sad there is only one more book but I loved how Deadlocked set everything in motion for the last book. I know that some people thought it was slow but I really enjoyed it. I was glad to see that some stories were wrapped up and others really kicked into “last stand” kind of mode 🙂Sookie has a murder investigation on her hands.A young girl has died at a vampire party – and it looks as though her lover, Eric, might be responsible. Eric swears he didn’t do it, the police don’t believe him, and even Sookie isn’t so sure. Nor is she inclined to take his word for it, not having caught him enjoying the victim’s blood minutes before she was killed.But something strange is going on. Why had Sookie been asked to come to the fateful party a few minutes early – just to catch Eric in the act? And why had the victim spiked her own blood before approaching Eric? Was it simply because she wanted to be irresistable, or was it something more sinister?Sookie will have to find out … but it’s the worst moment to investigate, as her Fae family are having troubles of their own and Sookie is, inevitably, drawn in. And there is one last complication. The cluviel dor her grandmother left her. It will grant her one wish, which could fulfil Sookie’s heart’s desire. The only problem is, she still doesn’t know what – or who – her heart truly desires ..I am thankful for TwiMom227 from That’s What I’m Talking About! She is a hoot and I always have fun when hanging out with her. I have been lucky enough to meet this wonderful woman in person a couple of times and she truly is delight. She is an avid romance reader and a great mom. She is also a great friend and a worthy person to know 🙂 I adore her!During her non-reading time you can find her hanging with her rescue furr children named after book characters: Lizzie a beautiful cattle dog mix (Pound Pup), Cinder a beautiful Shep/Pitt mix (Pound Pup), and Minerva a beautiful Shep/Pitt mix (Foster Fail). Gathering with friends and family, attending conventions, watching movies/tv shows, rooting for the 49rs, and crocheting.If you want to follow her DIY, Health, and Life adventures check out Mess to BestMy Google ProfileLatest posts by Felicia S (see all)- #SultryListeners Historical Romance Finals (19th-25th) - August 19, 2019- #SultryListeners Romantic Suspense Semi-Finals (Aug 12-18) - August 12, 2019- #SultryListeners Historical Romance Semi-Finals (Aug 5-11) - August 5, 2019 Overhead crane safety is a key point that customers care about, because it is related to the lift-time of crane itself and safety of operator. Ellsen Company, a famous crane manufacture in China, provides types of cranes with complete safety protection devices.First, overload limiterIts safety function is that when the lifting weight is over the rated value, the crane stops lifting to avoid overload accident.It is kind of safety device that is installed at the end of the metal structure of track-travelling cranes. It has secure functions of absorbing collision energy of travelling mechanism, reducing the impulsion.Third, anti-wind and anti-slip devicesRail cranes working outdoor should be equipped with anti-wind and anti-slip devices, because these safety devices can avoid outdoor cranes slide along the rail in windy day. Its safety function is that when the crane encounters the strongest wind not in the working state, the crane can’t be blown away and will not overturn at the end of the rail. Common anti-wind devices have clip-rail, rail anchor device, iron wedge stopper.Fourth, limit-position limiterIt is also called travelling limiter. When the crane mechanism is working and travelling near the limit-position, the limit-position limiter can automatically cut off the power and stop the mechanism moving. Limit-position limiter has three types: lifting type, dropping type and travelling type.Fifth, interlocking protectionIt can connect the state of interlocking with the movement of working mechanism. When the switch is on, the corresponding restricted mechanism can’t start, only when the switch is off, the interlocking mechanism can work. Interlocking protection can avoid the crane mechanism working in certain conditions and hurting people.Sixth, zero position protectionIt is necessary to set up zero position device, because lifting mechanism, crane travelling mechanism and trolley travelling mechanism are controlled respectively by three operation devices. Its protection function is that if only one mechanism’ controller is not on the zero position, all mechanisms can’t start. Only set all mechanisms’ controllers on zero position, the working mechanism can start.Seventh, emergency switchAll cranes must be installed with emergency switch to cut off the power quickly in emergency. And it should be set on the place that makes the operator convenient.How to ensure overhead crane safetyUnderstanding how you should use cranes as well as how not to use them is critical to safety. Myths surround overload, daily inspections, side pull, and limit switches in the workplace. Read on to learn more about each of these myths and learn the importance of paying attention to overhead crane safety.Myth: You never have to worry about overloading of the crane since the manufacturer has built in a huge safety margin into the crane’s design.Reality: This is probably one of the most dangerous myths surrounding overhead crane operation. Even though some cranes have a built-in safety factor, it simply is not true for the entire crane system. In addition, the crane is usually attached to a building without the same safety structures.Guarantee the safety of your workplace by ensuring that you never overload your cranes. This is the only way you can ensure that no nasty incident ever happens.Myth: So long as the hoist has ample rope, you can pull a small piece of steel out of the adjoining bay with no problems especially if you are picking up a piece well below capacity.Reality: This is another common mistake associated with overhead crane operation. Cranes and hoists are designed for only lifting objects and loads straight up and lowering them straight down.Using equipment in the right way is the only way to ensure that you never witness any unwanted incidents. Therefore, only use the crane in the prescribed manner.3.Upper Limit SwitchMyth: When you require lift, you require all the height you can get, therefore you need to lift until you hit the upper limit switch.Reality: While this might seem like common sense, it is simply wrong. The upper limit switch is for ensuring that the hook assembly doesn’t collide with the drum. It is thus a safety device rather than an operational one. If you experience failure of the upper limit switch, the drum, and hook block will collide and the wire will most likely fail thereby dropping the load.Avoid using the upper limit switch in ways it was not intended and you will be safe.Myth: The crane was in perfect working order yesterday so it should be in working today too.Reality: Daily inspection is probably one of the most overlooked rules of crane operation. While OSHA demands it, few companies comply. Inspection does not even require maintenance personnel, just some common sense. The inspection should take the operator about a minute at the start of every work shift.In conclusion, the four myths discussed in this article represent only a tiny fraction of all the issues involved in crane safety. However, the four comprise the overwhelming majority of all crane breakdowns and accidents. To ensure that your workplace remains safe for all and that your equipment does not fail constantly, it is important for everyone in the workplace to understand these four topics. Chances are that you will not witness any nasty accidents and incidents.Get a free quote from us: Internal Planning Process for Upcoming CFI IF Call for Proposals- CFI IF Expressions of Interest are due to the ORS by January 31, 2014.- To access the official CFI call (which includes the CFI's timelines), click here.The Canada Foundation for Innovation (CFI) will soon be issuing a call for large research infrastructure projects under the 2015 Innovation Fund. The objectives of the 2015 Innovation Fund (IF) are to enable institutions and their best researchers to:• Strive for global leadership by conducting world-class transformative research and technology development in areas of institutional strategic priority;• Forge and foster productive, value-added partnerships within and among institutions, sectors and disciplines that will nurture creativity and innovation resulting in an effective and sustainable use of the research infrastructure and facilities;• Identify and develop plans and potential pathways to social, health, environmental and economic benefits for Canada, including better training and improved skills for highly qualified personnel.The Office of Research Services in collaboration with the Faculty Deans would like to invite all faculty members and research centres to submit CFI IF Expressions of Interest with infrastructure project proposals that would be competitive under the IF. At this time, the proposals will not be evaluated but will be used to seek opportunities for collaboration among researchers, other academic institutions and partners. Once the CFI issues a formal call for proposals (Notice of Intent (NOI) to apply), the VP (REDI) then will formally issue an internal call for NOIs.The CFI’s Challenge to InstitutionsIt is important to note that for this competition (to access the CFI call, click here), the CFI will be challenging institutions to propose transformative infrastructure projects that will underpin cutting-edge research and will have a structural effect on Canada’s research landscape. As well, the CFI expects that projects funded through the 2015 IF competition will support promising and innovative directions in research or technology development in areas where Canada currently is, or has the potential to be, competitive on the global stage. The CFI has indicated that it will support initiatives that allow institutions and their researchers to build on and enhance an emerging strategic priority area, accelerate current research and technology development work or take established capabilities to a globally competitive level.Under the 2015 IF competition, the CFI is encouraging institutions to submit proposals for which there is a proven record of, or a strong potential for, excellence and commitment. Institutions are also being encouraged to consider how their proposals can be made more competitive through collaboration with appropriate partners and to plan co-operatively to acquire, develop and maintain infrastructure. Finally, in developing proposals, institutions are encouraged to engage with end-users of research or technology development to clearly define the potential benefits for Canadians.For purposes of the 2015 IF competition, the CFI has placed a limit on the total value of funding that an eligible institution can request from this fund. Lakehead University’s institutional envelope is $2,150,000 (representing CFI’s 40% of project costs). No application that exceeds Lakehead’s CFI institutional envelope will be considered. As in previous competitions, CFI awards will be available to fund infrastructure and equipment (capital expenses only) and will provide up to 40% of the total project cost. We also anticipate that the Ministry of Research and Innovation’s Ontario Research Fund (ORF) will fund an additional 40% with the remaining 20% of the funding to be provided by eligible funding partners (for example, in-kind contributions in the form of special discounts from equipment suppliers on infrastructure items beyond the best educational price).Expressions of Interest submitted should be no more than two pages, including the budget estimate, and must include the following information:1. Name of Principal Applicant, Co-applicants (and their academic institutions) and potential external partners.2. Project Title.3. General Objectives – Describe how your proposed project meets the requirements and vision of the CFI 2015 IF call for proposals.4. A brief description of the proposed research project.5. A budget estimate and list of potential equipment.6. How the proposed research project fits with the research priority areas outlined in the Lakehead University Academic/Research Plan.Researchers are reminded that the proposed CFI IF project should meet the following CFI criteria:• Institutional track record and commitment: The proposal builds on existing capacity and key investments in people and infrastructure. Through tangible commitments, the institution supports the area of the proposal in order to maintain or gain a competitive advantage internationally.• Research or technology development: The proposed research or technology development activities enabled by the research infrastructure are timely, innovative and at the leading edge internationally. The activities have the potential to lead to breakthroughs and will enhance the international competitiveness of the institution and its researchers.• Team: The principal users of the infrastructure are established or emerging leaders in the relevant research or technology development domains. The team has the necessary expertise, ability and relevant collaborations and partnerships in place to successfully conduct the research or technology development activities.• Infrastructure: The infrastructure is necessary and appropriate to conduct the research or technology development activities. The use of the infrastructure will be maximized within and among institutions and sectors (private, public and non-profit).• Sustainability of the research infrastructure: The proposal presents a compelling plan for the management, operation and maintenance of the proposed infrastructure with tangible and appropriate commitments over its useful life.• Benefits to Canadians: The research or technology development activities are likely to lead to significant tangible benefits for society, health, the economy and/or the environment. Where appropriate, effective pathways have been identified and will be developed to transfer the results and outputs of the research or technology development to potential end-users in a timely manner.Should you have any questions regarding the CFI IF competition or internal CFI planning process, please contact Anne Klymenko at ext. 8223 or via email: Anne.Klymenko@lakeheadu.ca.Dr. Umed Panu,Associate Vice-President (Research, Economic Development and Innovation) Hire Ballet Dancer in RamsgateBrowse Ballet DancersRecent review: Sacharo were amazing. Very professional and talented dancers. They were a massive hit at our event. I am already receiving requests for their details from family and friends. Dealing with Rosie, the communication was great and prompt. Thanks Socharo. All the best. Bev xAbout: Ruby Lemon are the event industry's hottest commodity servicing the United Kingdom and Ireland for entertainment, staffing and promotions. They're a team of multi-talented, effervescent entertainers skilled as dancers, stilt walkers, fire performers and so much more. And not just that, Ruby Lemon sRecent review: Really, friendly, profe